0 NOT FOUND
1 'A bunch of fives' is a slang term for a fist, especially one used for punching. The fives are the four fingers and the thumb.
2 The proverb 'A chain is only as strong as its weakest link' has a literal meaning, although the 'weakest link' referred to is figurative and usually applies to a person or technical feature rather than the link of an actual chain.
3 A  change is as good as a rest is a proverb that expresses, in a fairly straightforward literal way, the notion that a change from one's regular occupation is as restorative as a holiday.
4 Literal meaning - a person or thing that displays more  sadness than  anger.
5 Someone who makes a wise judgement about something that has previously proven difficult to resolve.
6 Someone who is basically good hearted but lacking social graces and respect for the law.
7 Advertising slogan for De Beers' diamonds.
8 'A different kettle of fish' is an alternative to what has been previously considered; a different thing altogether. For example, we might offer to have a friend stay for a few days but remark that a stay of a few months would be a different kettle of fish.
9 An offering of high quality.
10 An animal that performs valuable service to humans, often with reference to dogs.
11 A drop in the bucket is a very small and insignificant proportion of the whole.
12 A drop in the bucket is a very small and insignificant proportion of the whole.
13 Any misfortune that would make life unlivable, especially rape or loss of virginity. The phrase was formerly a euphemism for rape.
14 A symbol of honour and achievement.
15 When an organization or state fails, it is the leadership that is the root cause.
16 Someone who is in a situation they are unsuited to.
17 A fly in the ointment is a small but irritating flaw that spoils the whole. In the 20th century the expression has also come to be used to describe a small flaw that comes to light to spoil  an otherwise faultless plan.
18 Literal meaning.
19 A state of happiness based on false hope.
20 An introduction or way in to something, made in order that progress may be made later.
21 A decision made before the evidence for it is known. An inevitable conclusion.
22 There are various interpretations of the meaning of 'a friend in need is a friend indeed'. There is some debate about the meaning of this expression. Firstly, is it 'a friend in need is a friend indeed' or 'a friend in need is a friend in deed'? Secondly,  is it 'a friend (when you are) in need' or 'a friend (who is) in need'? If the former, then the phrase means: 'someone who helps you when you are in need is a true friend'. If the latter, it is 'someone who needs your help becomes especially friendly in order to obtain it'. So, that gives us four options: 1. A friend, (when you are) in need, is indeed a true friend. ('indeed') 2. A friend, (when you are) in need, is someone who is prepared to act to show it ('in deed') 3. A friend, (who is) in need, is indeed a true friend. ('indeed') 4. A friend, (who is) in need, is someone who is prepared to act to show it ('in deed') eval(ez_write_tag([[580,400],'phrases_org_uk-medrectangle-4','ezslot_0',105,'0','0'])); The original meaning can be resolved to some degree by the documentary evidence - see below. Nevertheless, although most people have no doubt that No.1 is correct. There is no unambiguous right or wrong here and this is a phrase the meaning of which we probably infer  from the context in which we first hear it. Whichever of the above options we initially opt for will cement our understanding of the phrase, probably forever.
23 'A golden key opens any door' is the opinion that sufficient money, or the promise of it, will allow the possessor of it to do anything they wish.
24 A modern-day proverb, bemoaning the difficulty of finding a suitable male partner.
25 A risqué comic play on words on a good man is hard to find.
26 To be faced with a situation which is pointless, as a successful outcome is impossible. This is usually expressed in terms of a sporting contest in which one of two outcomes is foreseen, either a hiding or nothing. The 'to' in the phrase indicates alternative outcomes, as in terms like '6 to 1' or 'dollars to doughnuts'. The phrase has two applications. One scenario would be that of a team which is expected to win easily but has the betting odds so strongly in its favour that no kudos or reward, that is, 'nothing' , would be gained from victory. The other is that of a weak contestant who is expected to be beaten, that is, get 'a hiding'.
27 'A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse' is one of Shakespeare's best known lines. The king spoke the line in Act V of the play Richard III, after losing his horse in battle. More generally the meaning of the expression is that the speaker is in great need of a particular item and is willing to trade something of great value to get it. The quotation is sometimes now repeated ironically when someone is in need of some relatively unimportant item -  offering their 'kingdom' for, a cup of tea, or a warm coat, or whatever.
28 Literal meaning (house meaning household).
29 The proverb 'a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step' puts forward the notion that, however difficult a task is, you can only complete it if you first start it.
30 A knight in shining armour is a person, usually a man, who comes to the aid of another, usually a woman, in a gallant and courteous manner.
31 'A la carte' means 'on the menu', with each dish separately priced.
32 Fashionable. Also, in the USA, a dessert served with ice cream.
33 'A legend in their own lifetime' refers to  a living person of considerable fame.
34 The proverbial saying 'A leopard cannot change its spots' expresses the notion that things cannot change their innate nature. It is normally used to suggest that  people who have done bad things will always be bad people.
35 I was told by a private or secret source.
36 The proverb 'A little knowledge is a dangerous thing' expresses the idea that a small amount of knowledge can mislead people into thinking that they are more expert than they really are, which can lead to mistakes being made.
37 A euphemistic way of expressing the benefits of sex.
38 Nonsense, rubbish.
39 Nonsense.
40 A kindred spirit - someone I can agree with.
41 Literal meaning.
42 A heavy and inescapable burden or responsibility.
43 To minister is to serve, or act as a subordinate agent. So a ministering angel is a kind-hearted person, providing help and comfort.
44 A narrow miss is as bad as a wide miss - they are both misses.
45 This proverbial saying has a straightforward literal meaning, although it is intended to imply criticism of the English as a nation with little ambition.
46 A group of iniquitous people, congregating together.
47 Something that requires little mental effort or intelligence to perform or understand. The term is often applied to decisions which are straightorward or sometimes to people who appear to lack intelligence.
48 'A nod is as good as a wink' expresses the idea that, to a person who is ready to understand or undertake something, any subtle signalling of it is sufficient. The context is usually of some undertaking that is borderline illegal or of sexual innuendo.
49 NOT FOUND
50 An invitation to a person lost in thought to share his or her preoccupation.
51 A picture tells a story just as well as, if not better than, a lot of written words.
52 A share in an activity, or in its profits.
53 A pig in a poke is an offer or deal that is foolishly accepted without being examined first.
54 The proverbial notion that there should be 'a place for everything and everything in its place' is the idea that everything should have somewhere to be stored  and that it should be tidily returned there when not in use.
55 A frustrated curse on both sides of an argument.
56 From the previous.
57 To wave a red rag to a bull is to  deliberately provoke it. More generally, the expression denotes any deliberate action intended to bring about an adverse reaction.
58 'A riddle wrapped up in an enigma' is a puzzle - something especially difficult to understand or to solve.
59 Someone who does not settle in one place rarely prospers.
60 The saying 'A rose by any other name would smell as sweet' means that what matters is what something is, not what it is called.
61 The meaning most often attributed to 'a rose is a rose is a rose' is the notion that, when all is said and done, a thing is what it is. This is in similar vein to Shakespeare's 'a rose by any other name would smell as sweet'. However, that's not the interpretation given by the author of the phrase - see below.
62 A reliable, if somewhat dull, person who can be entrusted not to make a mistake with a task.
63 A radical change or transformation.
64 The expression 'a skeleton in the closet' refers to a secret source of shame, potentially ruinous if exposed, which a person or family makes efforts to conceal.
65 To use 'a sledgehammer to crack a nut' means to use disproportionate force or expense to overcome a minor problem.
66 A stimulus.
67 A welcome sight;  someone or something you are glad to see.
68 A regrettable and unwelcome aspect or feature. Now also used to mean something or someone of untidy appearance.
69 A 'stitch in time' is a timely effort that will prevent more work later.
70 A short distance.
71 The experience of beauty is blissful and lasting.
72 Something that is insignificant or worthless.
73 An unexpected piece of good fortune.
74 The proverbial expression 'a watched pot never boils' refers to the feeling time seems to go slower when you are anxiously waiting for something to happen.
75 'A wolf in sheep's clothing' is someone who hides malicious intent under the guise of kindliness.
76 NOT FOUND
77 Literal meaning.
78 Join a conversation in which another is speaking continually and leaving little opportunity for others.
79 I would like to talk to you.
80 The expression 'A young man's fancy' alludes to  light  thoughts of romantic love.
81 The highest quality.
82 'Abandon hope all ye who enter here' is the supposed inscription at the entrance to Hell.
83 The name of the well-known Christian hymn, written by Henry Francis Lyte in 1847. A plea for God to be always present, in one's life and through death.
84 Change direction.
85 Change direction.
86 Openly; without any trickery.
87 An exclamation used by conjurers when performing  tricks.
88 The missing of a person or thing increases the desire for it.
89 Absent without permission.
90 NOT FOUND
91 Deliberately, but feigning accident.
92 Things sometimes go wrong, despite our best efforts.
93 In accord with the highest authority; in accord with a strict set of rules.
94 Something that can supply a sure victory when revealed.
95 An Achilles' heel is a weak or vulnerable factor - especially one where all other components are strong.
96 A sure test, giving an incontestable result.
97 NOT FOUND
98 Embracing all classes or categories without exception.
99 An act which is accepted legally as being outside human control.
