a bad penny always comes back
Alternative form of a bad penny always turns up
<ENDS HERE>a bad penny always turns up
A person or thing which is unpleasant, dishonorable, or unwanted tends to appear (or reappear), especially at inopportune times.
1952, Ralph Morris Goldman, "The Money-Changers at the Ballot Box: A Study of Republican Election Buying," in The Future Catches Up, Vol. 2 (2002), →ISBN, p. 89 (Google preview):
It has been wisely said: “A bad penny always turns up again.” . . . Merwin K. Hart turns up again and again. And the Money-Changers of the Republican Party have knowingly sought to profit from Hart's lobby activities.
1989, Jeffrey Boam (author of screenplay), Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, (excerpts at wikiquote):
Elsa Schneider: I never expected to see you again.
Indiana Jones: I'm like a bad penny. I always turn up.
2005, Ron Greer and Mike Wicks, Fire from the Sky: A diary over Japan (2013 iUniverse edition), →ISBN, p. 184 (Google preview):
Being superstitious was common among a lot of the military. . . . Aircraft were given names such as The Bad Penny (as in a bad penny always turns up).
2011, Gail Bowen, The Further Investigations of Joanne Kilbourn, →ISBN, (Google preview):
I had managed to avoid Julie for almost four years, but, as my grandmother used to say, the bad penny always turns up, and Julie Evanson was one very bad penny.
Things that are done improperly eventually cause problems.
Usage notes[edit]
Sometimes used in a jocular or self-deprecating manner, as in:
2013 Jan. 20, Ranger Bob, "The Retread Ranger Blog: Where Have I Been?," www.bobmackreth.com/blog (retrieved 25 March 2014):
But I'll be back—as my mother used to tell me when my dad was late coming home from work, “Don't worry. A bad penny always turns up.”
Related terms[edit]
bad penny
<ENDS HERE>a bad tree does not yield good apples
Bad parents do not reproduce good children
See also[edit]
the apple does not fall far from the tree
<ENDS HERE>a bad workman always blames his tools
(Britain) It is not the tools we use that make us good, but rather how we employ them.
(Britain) Upon failure, it's easier to blame the tools used rather than how they were employed.
<ENDS HERE>a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
It is preferable to have a small but certain advantage than a mere potential of a greater one.
<ENDS HERE>a buck is a buck
Alternative form of a buck's a buck
<ENDS HERE>a buck is a buck is a buck
Alternative form of a buck's a buck
<ENDS HERE>a buck's a buck
(chiefly US) Every dollar of income counts toward one's financial well-being; money is a strong motivator, even in unpleasant situations.
1977, Steve Cady, "Warm Weather Is Most Upsetting Factor To Platform Tennis Players at Forest Hills," New York Times (retrieved 2 Oct 2017):
“When you play for money,” said Mrs. Prudence Reynolds of Short Hills. N.J., “the temperament changes. A trophy is a trophy, but a buck's a buck.”
2000, Adam Berlin, Headlock, →ISBN, p. 110 (Google preview):
It shouldn't matter whether a murderer tips you or a businessman. A buck's a buck. There's no morality attached to money.
2011, Linda Turner, Christmas Lone-Star Style, →ISBN, ch 5. (Google preview):
Anything that involves money is business to me. Granted, this is only pocket change to you, but a buck's a buck.
2012, David Housewright, The Holland Taylor Mysteries: Penance, →ISBN, ch 2. (Google preview):
And if many of the lawyers I work for are jerks, well, a buck's a buck.
See also[edit]
money doesn't grow on trees
money talks
<ENDS HERE>a buck's a buck's a buck
Alternative form of a buck's a buck
<ENDS HERE>a burnt child dreads the fire
A person that has been harmed by something becomes more cautious about it.
<ENDS HERE>a camel is a horse designed by a committee
An expression critical of committees—or by analogy, group decision-making—by emphasizing the ineffectiveness of incorporating too many conflicting opinions into a single project through compromise. In this figure of speech, the distinguishing features of a camel, such as its humps and poor temperament, are taken to be the deformities that resulted from its poor design.
1952, Proceedings Regular Meeting, Ohio Valley Transportation Advisory Board, Pacific Northwest Advisory Board, pg. 24:
A camel is a horse designed by a committee, so we hope that this committee will—and I think it will—function appropriately.
1964, Peter and the Commissar, Allan Sherman and the Boston Pops:
And we all know the saying, which is true as well as witty, that a camel is a horse that was designed by a committee.
1975, The Professional Geographer: The Journal of the Association of American Geographers, v.27 1975, pg. 132:
If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, what is a materials policy statement prepared by seven study teams?
1976, Popular Science, v.209 1976 Jul-Dec:
Whoever concluded that a camel is a horse designed by a committee could have similar thoughts about taxicabs.
2002,The West Wing, episode Night Five, original airdate February 6th, 2002:
"This is a presidential address, Andrea, not a camel (...) A camel! A horse built by committee!" (Toby Ziegler)
2004, Roger Ebert's Movie Yearbook 2005, Roger Ebert, Andrews McMeel Publishing, →ISBN, pg. 388:
To quote another ancient proverb, "A camel is a horse designed by a committee." Life or Something Like It is the movie designed by the camel.
2011, January 5, 2011 Mineola, NY Village Meeting. original airdate January 5, 2011:
"You know what they say about committees, a camel is a horse designed by a committee - Honorable Mayor Lawrence Werther, Mayor of the Incorporated Village of Mineola, New York.
Related terms[edit]
by committee
one-person committee
<ENDS HERE>a camel is a horse made by a committee
Alternative form of a camel is a horse designed by a committee
<ENDS HERE>a cat can look at a king
Alternative form of a cat may look at a king
1982,  A J Ayer,  “Pragmatism”, in  Philosophy in the Twentieth Century, page 71:a doctrine which James characteristically parodied as the belief that a cat cannot look at a king unless some higher entity is looking at them both.
<ENDS HERE>a cat in gloves catches no mice
One cannot get what one wants by being cautious; one must use aggression to get it.
<ENDS HERE>a cat may look at a king
A purported inferior has certain rights or prerogatives, even in the presence of a purported superior.
<ENDS HERE>a chain is only as strong as its weakest link
An organization is only as strong or powerful as its weakest person. A group of associates is only as strong as its laziest member.
Related terms[edit]
weakest link
<ENDS HERE>a change is as good as a rest
Doing something different from one's routine is as refreshing as taking a break from work altogether.
<ENDS HERE>a closed mouth catches no flies
It's best not to talk too much.
<ENDS HERE>a closed mouth gathers no feet
(humorous) One who does not speak can be sure of not saying anything embarrassing.
See also[edit]
a closed mouth catches no flies
<ENDS HERE>a contented mind is a perpetual feast
Contentment is more a matter of attitude than circumstances.
1826 The House Book, or Family Chronicle of Useful Knowledge, and Cottage Physician: Combining Medicine, Cookery, Diet, General Economy, Health, Sea-bathing, Gardening, Manufactures, Arts, etc., ... Including Upwards of a Thousand Select Recipes and Prescriptions
It has been observed that "a contented mind is a perpetual feast", and has been remarked, that persons of destitute of ambition and avarice, are peculiarly likely to enjoy long life.
1846,  Harry Hieover,  Stable Talk and Table Talk: Or, Spectacles for Young Sportsmen, page 131:If they are content with this sort of locomotion, happy are they — "a contented mind is a perpetual feast."
1866,  E.O. Haven,  THE PILLARS OF TRUTH: A Series of SERMONS ON THE DECALOGUE, page 233-234:True enjoyment is entirely independent of outward circumstances. It depends upon the proper and harmonious development and action of the mind, and upon a conscious harmony with the will of God ; and those who perhaps seek enjoyment least have it most abundantly. "A contented mind is a perpetual feast."
2012,  Giovanni Boniolo,  The Art of Deliberating, →ISBN:Of course, a contented mind is a perpetual feast, and many argue that it is better to live with a bad situation than move to an even worse one.
2016,  Qingzhou Xu,  Materials Engineering and Environmental Science, →ISBN:In addition, it includes ecological-friendly concept of consumption which values thrift and moderate development such as “a contented mind is a perpetual feast” and “restraint of desire”.
<ENDS HERE>a creaking door hangs long on its hinges
Alternative form of a creaking door hangs longest
<ENDS HERE>a creaking door hangs longest
Someone who is apparently in poor health may well outlive the ostensibly stronger.
Something annoying or bothersome lasts the longest.
<ENDS HERE>a danger foreseen is half avoided
It is necessary to foresee danger as it helps you to avoid it.
<ENDS HERE>a drowning man will clutch at a straw
A person in desperate need of help will grab hold of some help, even if it is insignificant
See also[edit]
grasp at straws
<ENDS HERE>a dumb priest never got a parish
(Ireland) Those who fail to speak up fail to get what they want.
Synonyms[edit]
if you don't ask, you don't get
squeaky wheel gets the grease
<ENDS HERE>a fault confessed is half redressed
By confessing to one's own faults, one will begin to make amends.
<ENDS HERE>a fool and his money are soon parted
It is easy to get money from foolish people.
It is difficult or unlikely that foolish people maintain their hold on acquired wealth.
<ENDS HERE>a foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds
Consistency may not be the key to success. Changes, even minor ones, must be introduced.
<ENDS HERE>a friend in need is a friend indeed
If a friend helps you when you are in need, they are a true friend.
1958 September, Marvin L. Middlebrooks, a letter published in Flying Magazine, volume 63, number 3, page 8:
I had a flight plan to cancel so asked if there were a telephone near. Mr. Littrell said his neighbor across the way had one. He was happy to drive us there—about three miles across some fields that would shake your eye teeth out.  […]  They say “a friend in need is a friend indeed.” Mr. Littrell proved it. I am grateful.
1999, The Alaskan Saga of Thomas Churchill O'Brien (→ISBN), page 87:
[…]  trying to think instead of all the good things that happened to me in my life, trying to think of some important person I knew who could help me, but I couldn't think of anyone. A friend in need is a friend, indeed, and I sure could have used one then.
If one of your friends is in need (of help), help them because they are your friend.
2011,  Paul A. Rose,  Los Hombres de Bolton, →ISBN, page 153:‘Stan!’ Ian replies, with a hurt look on his face. ‘Would I do a thing like that? I'm just here to give you moral support. I reckon you're going to need all the help you can get. You know what they say; a friend in need is a friend indeed.’
‘Or in your mind, a friend in need is a soft target. Now piss off!’
2011, Our Perfect Moment →ISBN, page 81:
"You know, they say a friend in need is a friend indeed. I donated blood, but others even donate hearts, so after all, I feel pretty good that my friend is now safe from the little blood I could drop," Katy said passionately.
Usage notes[edit]
The phrase is ambiguous; the second sense arises from misunderstanding the original meaning.
<ENDS HERE>a golden key can open any door
Sufficient money can accomplish anything.
See also[edit]
money can't buy happiness
<ENDS HERE>a good beginning makes a good ending
Start off on a good note to reap the benefits at the end.
Related terms[edit]
well begun is half done
<ENDS HERE>a good deed is its own reward
One should not expect a reward for good deeds, but should perform them merely for the satisfaction of doing so.
<ENDS HERE>a hit dog will holler
(US) An offended or defensive response to a statement suggests that the statement applies to the person complaining.
<ENDS HERE>a house divided against itself cannot stand
A group or organisation weakened by internal dissent will not remain united.
1655,  William Lyford,  The Plain Mans Senses:Thirdly, sometimes by setting and fomenting divisions among Christians, Preacher against Preacher, Church against Church, well knowing, that a house divided against it selfe cannot stand.
1858, Abraham Lincoln, speech, 16 Jun 1858:
‘A house divided against itself cannot stand.’ I believe this government cannot endure, permanently half slave and half free.
2002,  HA Williams,  The True Wilderness:If good is done, then there is the spirit of God and not the spirit of evil, for a house divided against itself cannot stand.
See also[edit]
house divided
<ENDS HERE>a house is not a home
A home is not merely a building but requires inhabitants and a friendly atmosphere.
See also[edit]
home is where the heart is
it takes a heap of living to make a house a home
<ENDS HERE>a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
Even the longest and most difficult ventures have a starting point.
Synonyms[edit]
take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves
many a mickle makes a muckle
every little helps
little and often fills the purse
<ENDS HERE>a leopard cannot change its spots
One cannot change one's own nature.
1597, William Shakespeare, Richard II Act i, Scene 1 (First Folio):
King. Lyons make Leopards tame.Mowbray. Yea but not change his spots.
1611, King James Version of the Bible, Jeremiah 13:23:
Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots?
1820,  Walter Scott,  chapter 32, in  Ivanhoe:End now all unkindness. Let us put the Jew to ransom, since the leopard will not change his spots, and a Jew he will continue to be.
1918,  Johnston McCulley,  Thubway Tham's Inthane Moment:The leopard cannot change his spots, old boy.
Synonyms[edit]
the wolf may lose his teeth but never his nature
the fox may grow grey but never good
Antonyms[edit]
once an Eagle, always an Eagle
See also[edit]
what's bred in the bone will come out in the flesh
<ENDS HERE>a lie has no legs
You can't get away with a lie; the truth will always come out.
<ENDS HERE>a little knowledge is a dangerous thing
A small amount of knowledge can mislead individuals into believing that they are more experienced and expert than what is actually the case.
1926, Francis Blake Atkinson, Hallam Hawksworth, A Year in the Wonderland of Trees, page 176:
Of course anybody can saw off a limb; but here, as so often happens, a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, and a little more will often save a dear old friend of the family and the neighborhood.
Synonyms[edit]
a little learning is a dangerous thing
<ENDS HERE>a man is known by the company he keeps
People are similar in character to their friends.
<ENDS HERE>a man's home is his castle
A proverbial expression of personal privacy and security.
Related terms[edit]
an Englishman's home is his castle
<ENDS HERE>a mind is a terrible thing to waste
One should put one's mental faculties to good use.
<ENDS HERE>a miss is as good as a mile
A failure remains a failure, regardless of how close to success one has actually come.
Synonyms: almost doesn't count; close, but no cigar
<ENDS HERE>a new broom sweeps clean
(figuratively) New management will often make radical changes.
Derived terms[edit]
(Commonwealth of Nations) a new broom sweeps clean, but an old broom knows the corners
<ENDS HERE>a new broom sweeps clean, but an old broom knows the corners
(Commonwealth of Nations) New management imposes radical changes, but those with prior experience have more knowledge.
2017, 28 May, Does the song “Amadlozi” by the late Brenda Fassie ring a bell? — Mpulanga News
It is said that a new broom sweeps clean, but an old broom knows the corners – this does not apply to Mbombela’s social scene.
2016, 22 December, — The Conversation UK
Chibnall, like Moffat, like Davies, like Capaldi, Tennant, and many others involved in the triumphant reboot, is a lifelong Doctor Who fan. His arrival should remind us of the full version of the old adage: a new broom sweeps clean but an old broom knows the corners. There are lives in the old Doctor yet.
2011, Little Nuggets for Life's Experiences, →ISBN
It has been noted that the new broom sweeps clean, but the old broom knows the corners. Every now and then, the older broom must trust the young broom's judgment.
See also[edit]
a new broom sweeps clean (ellipsis)
<ENDS HERE>a nod is as good as a wink
The hint, suggestion etc can be understood without further explaining.
<ENDS HERE>a penny saved is a penny earned
A maxim for thrift that says that money not spent may be spent later, or may earn interest in the meantime.
<ENDS HERE>a penny saved is a penny gained
a penny saved is a penny earned
<ENDS HERE>a picture is worth a thousand words
A visualisation is a better description than a verbal description.
<ENDS HERE>a picture paints a thousand words
Alternative form of a picture is worth a thousand words
1971, David Gates (of Bread), If, from Manna album:
If a picture paints a thousand words
Then why can't I paint you;
The words will never show
The you I've come to know.
1989, Alan Kay, quoted in Kʻo-tung Huang, Timothy D. Huang, Introduction to Chinese, Japanese and Korean Computing, World Scientific, →ISBN, p. 9:
Most human beings, no matter how familiar they are with abstract symbols, respond to voice and images better than written language. In other words, A picture paints a thousand words.
2006,  Paul Shakespeare,  Building a Dune Buggy: The Essential Manual‎[1], →ISBN, page 52:See accompanying diagram: a picture paints a thousand words, and all that!
<ENDS HERE>a poison tree bears poison fruit
Unethical actions in the service of good intentions will have immoral or unethical consequences.
<ENDS HERE>a problem shared is a problem halved
A problem discussed by many people makes it easier to be solved
Synonyms[edit]
many hands make light work
Antonyms[edit]
too many cooks spoil the broth
<ENDS HERE>a promise is a promise
one must keep one's promises
Synonyms[edit]
pacta sunt servanda (legal)
<ENDS HERE>a promise made is a promise kept
A promise that one makes should be or can be considered a promise that one will certainly honor.
2009,  Wolfgang Mieder,  "Yes We Can": Barack Obama's Proverbial Rhetoric‎[1], page 289:We'll never rise together if we allow medical bills to swallow family budgets or let people retire penniless after a lifetime of hard work, and so today we must demand that when it comes to commitments made [to] working men and women on health care and pensions, a promise made is a promise kept.
Further reading[edit]
promise at OneLook Dictionary Search
<ENDS HERE>a revolution is not a dinner party
In order to achieve something, courtesy, long-held norms, and other such formalities must be dropped.
<ENDS HERE>a rising tide lifts all boats
A truly good outcome benefits all.
<ENDS HERE>a rolling stone gathers no moss
A person who never settles in one place will never be successful.
A person must keep active in order to avoid stagnating.
<ENDS HERE>a smooth sea never made a skilled sailor
Challenging experiences are the most educational and so, ultimately, beneficial.
L.K. Elliott (23 March 2015) Confessions of an Ex Hot Mess: 10 Steps to Beat Stress and Feel Your Best‎[1], FriesenPress, →ISBN, page 53
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor and the same concept applies to a relationship. If you have a relationship where there is never tough times to work through together, there will never be an opportunity to gain strength within the relationship. Accept the good with the bad because it all happens for a reason, and will teach you something.
<ENDS HERE>a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
An otherwise unpleasant situation can be pleasant when a pleasant aspect is deliberately introduced.
1999, Eli Yassif, The Hebrew Folktale: History, Genre, Meaning, Indiana University Press, →ISBN, page 372,
One is known as the "sweetening parable," that is to say a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down. Thus, when the aim is to preach to the people, to guide them along the "bitter," arduous path of upholding burdensome precepts and prohibitions, a tale can lighten the load, make the "medicine" easier "to swallow."
2001, Maureen Reagan, First Father, First Daughter: A Memoir, Little, Brown, →ISBN, page 319,
It put some fun into the tedious business of preparing for a presidential debate. A spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down, right?
2004, John Hoover, How to Work for an Idiot: Survive & Thrive... Without Killing Your Boss, Career Press, →ISBN, page 11,
If a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down, a barrel of laughs can wash down the big pills you might need to swallow.
Related terms[edit]
sugarcoat a bitter pill
<ENDS HERE>a spoonful of sugar makes the medicine go down
Alternative form of a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
<ENDS HERE>a stick in a bundle cannot be broken
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>a stick in a bundle can't be broken
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>a stick in a bundle is unbreakable
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>a stitch in time saves nine
A little effort expended sooner to fix a small problem prevents it from becoming a larger problem requiring more effort to fix later.
A little preparation can eliminate the need for repairs later.
<ENDS HERE>a stopped clock is right twice a day
A normally unreliable person or instrument can occasionally provide correct information, even if only by accident.
Synonyms[edit]
even a blind pig can find an acorn once in a while
even a blind squirrel can find an acorn once in a while
<ENDS HERE>a twig in a bundle cannot be broken
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>a twig in a bundle can't be broken
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>a twig in a bundle is unbreakable
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>a watched kettle never boils
Alternative form of a watched pot never boils
<ENDS HERE>a watched pot never boils
A process appears to go more slowly if one waits for it rather than engaging in other activities.
<ENDS HERE>a wild goose never laid a tame egg
(idiomatic) most things are inherited and predetermined
<ENDS HERE>a woman's work is never done
Housework, which is generally considered women's work, is never finished.
Women generally work long and hard, especially as they often are responsible for housework and care roles in addition to paid work.
1878, Edward Payson Roe, A Face Illumined, ch. 1:
"Six o'clock, and working still!  […]  They say a woman's work is never done," remarked Ik Stanton, dropping into the easiest chair in the studio, "and for this reason, were there no other, your muse is evidently of the feminine persuasion."
1979 April 1, Charles E. Silberman, "A Proper Way to Live," New York Times (retrieved 7 July 2019):
As Professor Myerhoff writes: "The adage 'A woman's work is never done' calls attention to the continuity of woman's tasks on a daily basis."
2010 October 30, Antonia Zerbisias, "Feminomics: calculating the value of 'women's work'," The Star (Canada) (retrieved 7 July 2019):
According to the old maxim, a woman’s work is never done. It certainly never counts, a least not by the economic formulae that figure out the wealth of a nation.
2018 August 7, Harriet Marsden, "Why should women do the hard, unpaid work after Brexit?," Independent (UK) (retrieved 7 July 2019):
They say a woman’s work is never done. If certain Brexiteers have their way, that might be truer than ever.  […]  [A] no-deal Brexit would mean a disastrous shortfall in care staff, which would force women out of the office and into unpaid social care roles, looking after elderly parents.
See also[edit]
it's a man's world
one hair of a woman can draw more than a hundred pair of oxen
<ENDS HERE>absence makes the heart grow fonder
(idiomatic) When someone or something is far away, you realise how much you love (or miss) them or it.
Antonyms[edit]
when the cat's away the mice will play
long absent, soon forgotten
out of sight, out of mind
See also[edit]
hunger is the best sauce
<ENDS HERE>accidents will happen
Accidents will happen, even when a project is carefully planned.
Usage notes[edit]
Most dictionaries, including Oxford, associate this proverb with accidents will happen in the best regulated families
<ENDS HERE>accidents will happen in the best regulated families
Accidents will always happen, even where there is an expectation of success.
1837 June, "Spanish Theatre", The London Quarterly Review, no. 117, page 50.
In spite of all precautions, accidents will happen in the best regulated families, and wolves steal in, in the fleeces of Merinos.
1842, Life in the West: Back-wood Leaves and Prairie Flowers, Saunders and Otley (publ.), page 65.
“Why, for my own part, I never like to alarm people—I hate that; but, when accidents will happen in the best regulated families, why not in this very irregular?”
1843 February, Charles Starr, Jr., "Inversion of the womb, or the casting of the withers" (letter to the editor), American Agriculturalist, page 22.
It is an old saying, that "accidents will happen in the best-regulated families;" and as it is important for every farmer to know how to repair the damages to which he is liable, I send you an account of an accident which occurred in my experience last months, and the remedy which was successfully applied.
1845, Winter & Co., Descriptive Catalogue of fruit and ornamental trees, shrubs, vines, plants, etc., page 6.
We do not claim to be infallible; as the proverb says, “accidents will happen in the best regulated families;” but so far as integrity and the exercise of the utmost care and circumspection on the part of the Proprietors, and the employment by them of experienced and careful hands, will ensure correctness, purchasers may rely upon every variety sent proving true to name.
1846 April 2, Allens Indian Mail, page 248.
“Accidents will happen in the best regulated families,” and the best regulated steam-ships may not enjoy perfect immunity from them; but as some children are eternally in mischief, and some persons never walk out of their own houses without meeting with adventures out of the common way, so there are steam-vessels, and the Virago seems to be one of them, which never put to sea without an accident.
1850,  Charles Dickens,  chapter 28, in  The Personal History of David Copperfield, page 291:"My dear friend Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, "accidents will occur in the best regulated families; and in families not regulated by that pervading influence which sanctifies while it enhances the —a— I would say, in short, by the influence of Woman,  […] "
1987,  Cambridge University,  The Social History of Language, page 54:With home and family defined as the private sphere, its members were reminded that Accidents will happen in the best regulated families and they should not wash dirty linen in public.
1995,  Louis P. Masur,  The Real War Will Never Get in the Books: Selections from Writers During the Civil War, page 88-89:Occasionally there is a hiatus; for instance, our sweet potatoes, turnips and cabbages arrived late this morning but "accidents will happen in the best regulated families.
See also[edit]
accidents will happen
the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry
<ENDS HERE>actions speak louder than words
It is more effective to act directly than to speak of action.
A person’s actions indicate their true sentiments more reliably than their claims do.
Antonyms[edit]
(it is more effective to act directly): the pen is mightier than the sword
<ENDS HERE>adorn oneself with borrowed plumes
To claim the honor of another for yourself
<ENDS HERE>all cats are gray at night
Synonym of all cats are grey in the dark
<ENDS HERE>all cats are gray in the dark
Alternative form of all cats are grey in the dark
<ENDS HERE>all cats are grey at night
Alternative form of all cats are grey in the dark
<ENDS HERE>all cats are grey by night
Alternative form of all cats are grey in the dark
<ENDS HERE>all cats are grey in the dark
In the dark, physical appearance is unimportant.
<ENDS HERE>all good things come to an end
Nothing good lasts forever.
<ENDS HERE>all is fish that comes to the net
Anything that happens can be used for one's advantage.
1861,  Great Britain. Parliament. House of Commons,  Reports from Commissioners, page 7:But there is no question that all is fish that comes to the net with them unless the eye of the conservator is on them.
<ENDS HERE>all or none
Synonym of all-or-nothing
<ENDS HERE>all politics are local
Alternative form of all politics is local
<ENDS HERE>all politics is local
(chiefly US, politics) Ultimately, constituents and voters are concerned most about issues that affect their personal lives and home communities, and they vote accordingly.
1993 Dec. 7, Clifford Krauss, "On Congress's Home Front, Faith That All Politics Is Indeed Local," New York Times (retrieved 17 Aug 2015):
"The campaign never ends," said the 44-year-old Congressman. . . . "I win by reaching out to people one by one, through relentless retail politics." In other words, Mr. Bacchus is betting his congressional career on the adage that all politics is local.
2002 May 20, David McKittrick (Ireland Correspondent), "Kerry kicks out former party leader and replaces him with former gun-runner," Independent (UK) (retrieved 17 Aug 2015):
[A]ll politics is local and Kerry North is more local than most. In the electorate, the view is that Mr Ferris got in because . . . he has been an assiduous local councillor and constituency worker, painstakingly building up a formidable Sinn Fein machine that has delivered on local issues.
2002 June 21, Mitch Frank, "The White House Goes Local," Time (retrieved 17 Aug 2015):
But in the end, all politics is local, and almost every race is decided by local issues.
2007 Sept. 14, "Politics: John O'Toole (incumbent)," Toronto Star (Canada) (retrieved 17 Aug 2015):
"All politics is local. I believe in a grassroots approach that is founded on strong representation for constituents."
Usage notes[edit]
Famously and often used by former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Tip O'Neill (1912-1994).
See also[edit]
retail politics
<ENDS HERE>all roads lead to Mecca
Synonym of all roads lead to Rome
<ENDS HERE>all roads lead to Rome
Different paths can take one to the same goal.
Synonym: there's more than one way to skin a cat
<ENDS HERE>all that glisters is not gold
Alternative form of all that glitters is not gold
<ENDS HERE>all that glitters is not gold
Things that appear valuable or worthwhile might not actually be so; things that look nice might not be as good as they look.
Synonyms[edit]
you can't judge a book by its cover
<ENDS HERE>all the world's a stage
People have roles to play in life just as actors do in the theatre.
1766 May,  “An Occasional Prologue and Epilogue, Compos'd for the Agreeable Surprize, a Comedy, Translated from the Comic Pieces of Mons[ieur] de Marivaux, and of the French Academy; and Perform'd, with Universal Applause, by the Young Gentlemen of Mr. Rule's Academy at Islington, for Whitsuntide, 1766, in the Presence of their Parents and Friends”, in  The Jester's Magazine: Or, The Monthly Merry-maker, London: Printed and sold by S. Bladon, in Pater-noster-Row; J. Williams, in Fleet-Street; and J. Kingman, near the Royal-Exchange, published 1767, OCLC 931237604, page 240:But ſtill, perhaps, 'tis ſomewhat new you'll ſay, / For School-Boys to attempt to act a Play. / Why ſhould the Attempt ſurprize! it ſuits our Age, / And more you know, that all the World's a Stage. / Of general Uſe indeed muſt ſeem this Art, / Since every Man was born to act his Part.
1972 November 17,  Tom Prideaux,  “All Heart and No Place to Go: Dude [theater review]”, in  LIFE, volume 73, number 20, Chicago, Ill.: Time Inc., ISSN 0024-3019, page 30:Now we meet singers who depict Earth, Moon, Bread, and a pair of actors, played gamely by William Redfield and Rae Allen, who were meant to promote the notion that all the world's a stage.  […]  The saying that all the world's a stage is true enough. But it doesn't follow conversely that the stage is the world. The stage is more demanding than the world, and its rules are even harsher. As Dude proves, it can't get by on good intentions.
2005,  R. J. Burke,  The Cigarette Killer: A Novel, New York, N.Y.: iUniverse, →ISBN, page 249:"Joey, my husband, was torn between the stage and the law," Mari's mother said. "I don't know which one won and which lost." / "My dear, you know that all the world's a stage. Boards or bench. I'll get the drinks."
2006,  Nicholas [Peter] Ridout,  “Embarrassment: The Predicament of the Audience”, in  Stage Fright, Animals, and Other Theatrical Problems (Theatre and Performance Theory), Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, →ISBN, pages 93–94:This is not simply to rehash the rather meaningless notion that all human behaviour is performance, or even that ‘all the world’s a stage’, but instead to suggest that there is something in the appearing that takes place in the theatre that seems capable of activating in an audience a feeling of our compromised, alienated participation in the political and economic relations that make us appear to be who we are.
2014,  Mo Yan; Howard Goldblatt, transl.,  Frog, London: Hamish Hamilton, →ISBN:We live in a civilised society, and in a civilised society everyone is an actor – film, TV, drama, crosstalk, sketch – we're all acting. Don't they say that all the world's a stage?
<ENDS HERE>all things come to those who wait
(dated) A patient person will be satisfied in due time; patience is a virtue.
Usage notes[edit]
This version of the proverb is now somewhat dated, the more common form today being good things come to those who wait (with good instead of all).
<ENDS HERE>all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
Too much focus on one's career may lead to one being uninteresting company.
Too much hard work and not enough leisure time can be unhealthy.
<ENDS HERE>all's fair in love and war
Unpleasant behavior is acceptable during love and conflict.
Alternative forms[edit]
all is fair in love and war
Related terms[edit]
the end justifies the means
<ENDS HERE>all's well that ends well
A happy ending makes up for everything that has gone before.[1]
<ENDS HERE>almost doesn't count
Near success (or near accuracy) is not adequate.
Synonyms: a miss is as good as a mile; close, but no cigar; close only counts in horseshoes
<ENDS HERE>an apple a day keeps the doctor away
Apples are healthy and stave off illnesses.
Healthy eating prevents illness.
(by extension) Healthy habits stave off problems.
Derived terms[edit]
an apple a day (by shortening)
<ENDS HERE>an army marches on its stomach
You must eat properly if you want to perform tasks well.
<ENDS HERE>an Englishman's home is his castle
(Britain) a proverbial expression of personal privacy and security
Related terms[edit]
a man's home is his castle
<ENDS HERE>an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind
A policy of revenge will lead to counterretaliations rather than peaceful resolutions.
<ENDS HERE>an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure
It is better to prevent a disease than to have to cure it.
(idiomatic, by extension) Precaution and prevention of an undesirable thing is preferable to dealing with its potential consequences.
<ENDS HERE>an ounce of prevention is better than an ounce of cure
(rare) Alternative form of an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure
2015 July 2,  Tim Binsted,  “Australians don't trust government or telcos to protect their data: survey”, in  Sydney Morning Herald:"It is best to come clean," Mr Kendall said. "But an ounce of prevention is better than an ounce of cure."
2016 January 16,  “Clear Bush From Vacant Lots”, in  The Gleaner:Let us clean up beautiful Jamaica. Clean up the issues before the problems gets worse and get out of control. Government, I call on you to save Jamaica now, because an ounce of prevention is better than an ounce of cure.
2017 March 1,  Stephen Adams,  “Central Texas doctor conducts life-saving flu vaccine research”, in  KCEN-TV:“It’s very rewarding because you can make an impact at a population level,” Dr. Gaglani said. “An ounce of prevention is better than an ounce of cure.”
<ENDS HERE>an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure
Alternative form of an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure
<ENDS HERE>annuit coeptis
Alternative spelling of Annuit cœptis.
Latin[edit]
Pronunciation[edit]
(Classical) IPA(key): /ˈan.nu.it ˈkoe̯p.tiːs/, [ˈan̪.n̪ʊ.ɪt̪ ˈkoe̯p.t̪iːs]
(Ecclesiastical) IPA(key): /ˈan.nu.it ˈt͡ʃep.tis/, [ˈan.nu.it̪ ˈt͡ʃɛp.t̪is]
Proverb[edit]
annuit coeptīs
it favors our undertakings
<ENDS HERE>Annuit cœptis
"[It] favors our undertakings"
Usage notes[edit]
Appears on the reverse of the Great Seal of the United States, and also on the United States $1 bill
<ENDS HERE>another day, another dollar
Life goes on, and it is necessary to work to earn money.
<ENDS HERE>any port in a storm
(idiomatic) In an adverse situation, when one lacks good alternatives, it is appropriate to avail oneself of any possible refuge, aid, or helpful course of action.
1804 Aug. 4, "Levity: Bob Rousem's Epistle to Bonypart," The Port Folio, vol. 4, no. 31, p. 246 (Google books):
I'll give you the journal, my boy. . . . eight A.M. Bonypart running away; nine A.M. Bonypart on board; ten A.M. Bonypart sinking; eleven A.M. Bonypart in Davy's Locker; Meridian Bonypart in the north corner of _____, where it burns and freezes at the same time: but you know any port in a storm, Bony, so there I'll leave ye.
1974 Jan. 27, Dennis Smith, "Playing With Fire Can Mean Getting Burned," New York Times (retrieved 13 Sep 2016):
After finding both stairwells untenable at the roof, the Captain and the rookie take the window‐washing scaffold—any port in a storm—down the side of the building to the fire floor.
2008 December 28,  Jon Henderson,  “Kinnear: A man you can swear by”, in  The Observer:He wasn't the most popular appointment, but I think the phrase ‘any port in a storm’ came to mind when we were getting turned down by everyone.
Usage notes[edit]
This expression is usually used as if it were a complete sentence, serving as an ellipsis of "Go to any port in a storm", "Any port will do in a storm", or any similar sentence.
See also[edit]
beggars can't be choosers
<ENDS HERE>any press is good press
Being mentioned in the media, even in the context of a scandal or controversy, is beneficial to the subject because it brings publicity.
See also[edit]
all publicity is good publicity
no such thing as bad publicity
<ENDS HERE>appearances are deceptive
It is not possible to judge a person's character from their outward appearance.
Synonyms[edit]
clothes don't make the man
you can't judge a book by its cover
Antonyms[edit]
fine feathers make fine birds
<ENDS HERE>April showers bring May flowers
The month of April, traditionally a rainy period, gives way to May, when flowers will bloom because of the water provided to them by the April rains.
(by extension) A period of discomfort can provide the basis for a period of happiness and joy.
Related terms[edit]
every dark cloud has a silver lining
<ENDS HERE>art is long, life is short
Art is more enduring than life.
August 24, 2017,  Passport Magazine, Hong Kong:In the side of a storage structure, I note a surely-not-officially sanctioned graffiti slogan, "Art is Long, Life is Short".
2002,  Edmund White,  Loss Within Loss: Artists in the Age of AIDS:Remembrance of Things Past Marc Lida's Proust Watercolors Jonathan Weinberg "Art is long, life is short," or so we are told.
2011,  Benjamin Franklin,  The Life of Benjamin Franklin, Written by Himself:Alas! art is long and life is short! My friends would comfort me with the idea of a name, they say I shall leave behind me; and they tell me I have lived long enough to nature and to glory .
<ENDS HERE>as a dog returns to his vomit, so a fool repeats his folly
Foolish people repeatedly do foolish things.
<ENDS HERE>as one door closes, another opens
Synonym of when one door closes, another opens
<ENDS HERE>as you make your bed, so you must lie in it
You shall carry the negative consequences of your not having prepared properly.
<ENDS HERE>as you sow, so shall you reap
(idiomatic) The personal consequences of one's actions are in proportion to the good or bad intentions towards others.
Synonyms[edit]
you reap what you sow
<ENDS HERE>ask a stupid question, get a stupid answer
If one asks a question that is stupid or to which the answer is obvious, he or she should not be surprised or displeased when he or she gets a silly or bizarre response
<ENDS HERE>attack is the best form of defence (British spelling)
In a battle, attacking the opposition first is better than waiting for them to attack.
<ENDS HERE>attack is the best form of defense (American spelling)
Alternative spelling of attack is the best form of defence
<ENDS HERE>bad money drives out good
Debased coinage (with low levels of precious metals) replaces purer coinage (with higher levels of precious metals).
People hoard good currency and other assets and attempt to pass inferior currency and assets to others in exchange.
(metaphorically, in organizations and labor markets) Overvalued mediocre talent replaces undervalued real talent.
<ENDS HERE>bad news travels fast
Bad news circulates quickly because people often spread it everywhere.
1992,  Robert L. Genua,  Managing Your Mouth: An Owner's Manual for Your Most Important Business Asset, →ISBN:After all, reorganizations, personnel changes, new policies on subjects such as travel and expense reports, are everyday occurrences, but the rumor that the Vice President of Sales has a son at college who was arrested for possession of a controlled substance, aha! That is another matter. That is news! Once put out on the grapevine, it will travel with blinding speed around the circuit. Bad news travels fast.
2011,  Wendy Hornsby,  Bad Intent, →ISBN:Bad news travels fast, especially when it travels by satellite. I had picked up the receiver with a sense of dread. I expected to hear on the other end an obscene caller, a local news person looking for fresh dirt, a concerned but nosy friend.
2012,  J.W. James III,  North Beach Road, →ISBN, page 66:In small towns, as the saying goes, bad news travels fast. St. Charles, Idaho was no exception. Recent going's on eventually makes their way to people one might not expect.
Synonyms[edit]
ill news spreads apace
<ENDS HERE>bad things come in threes
If an unfortunate event has already occurred twice, it will most likely happen a third time.
Antonym: good things come in threes
Coordinate terms[edit]
it never rains but it pours
misfortunes never come singly
<ENDS HERE>barking dogs never bite
Alternative form of barking dogs seldom bite
<ENDS HERE>barking dogs seldom bite
People who make threats rarely carry them out.
Related terms[edit]
one's bark is worse than one's bite
all bark and no bite
<ENDS HERE>beauty is in the eye of the beholder
Different people have different views on what is beautiful.
<ENDS HERE>beauty is only skin deep
What matters is a person's character, rather than his/her appearance.
<ENDS HERE>beggars can't be choosers
When in need of help, one cannot dictate how that help is given; when one's situation requires one to beg, one cannot complain about the insufficient or substandard gifts that one receives.
<ENDS HERE>behind every great man there stands a woman
Alternative form of behind every successful man there stands a woman (“Men's success often depends on the work and support of their wives.”).
<ENDS HERE>behind every successful man there stands a woman
Men's success often depends on the work and support of their wives.
<ENDS HERE>bet on the jockey, not the horse
Alternative form of bet the jockey, not the horse
<ENDS HERE>bet the jockey, not the horse
(finance) One should invest based on the management team behind a venture, rather than on the product or service being sold.
<ENDS HERE>Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.
It is better to have a sure thing now than a possibility of more later.
Synonyms[edit]
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
take the cash and let the credit go
<ENDS HERE>better dead than red
(politics) It is preferable to be deceased than to be a Communist or ruled by Communists.
1961 Aug. 14, "Canon Causes Stir At Church Election," The Age (Australia), p. 11 (retrieved 30 Oct 2013):
Canon Collins urged the electors to reject the candidate nominated by the Crown, Dr. R. W. Stopford, Bishop of Peterborough, who, he claimed, had said "it would be better to have nuclear war than to permit Communist domination over Britain." Canon Collins said: "I cannot believe it is proper for a bishop of the church to encourage the idea which is popularly expressed In the formula ‘better dead than red.’"
1982 July 30, Mary McGrory, "Reagan View: El Salvador's slaughter better than communism," Spokane Chronicle, p. 6 (retrieved 30 Oct 2013):
The recertification of El Salvador's progress on human rights is nothing but a basic restatement of the Reagan foreign policy, which is "better dead than Red."
2007 Dec. 20, Karen Fish, "Watch Hillary Clinton Vehemently Vow to Raise Taxes and Vote for War," San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center (retrieved 30 Oct 2013):
In a country whose motto not long ago was “Better dead than Red”, it is ironic that today Time Magazine awarded Vladimir Putin the “Man of the Year Award”.
Alternative forms[edit]
better dead than Red, better Dead than Red
See also[edit]
give me liberty or give me death
<ENDS HERE>better dead than Red
Alternative form of better dead than red
<ENDS HERE>better Dead than Red
Alternative form of better dead than red
<ENDS HERE>better safe than sorry
It is preferable to be cautious in one's choices and actions than to act recklessly and suffer afterwards.
<ENDS HERE>better the devil you know
Alternative form of better the devil you know than the devil you don't know
<ENDS HERE>better the devil you know than the devil you don't
Alternative form of better the devil you know than the devil you don't know
<ENDS HERE>better the devil you know than the devil you don't know
Something bad and familiar is better than something bad and unknown.
<ENDS HERE>better the devil you know than the one you don't
Alternative form of better the devil you know than the devil you don't know
<ENDS HERE>better the devil you know than the one you don't know
Alternative form of better the devil you know than the devil you don't know
<ENDS HERE>it is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness
Alternative form of better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness
<ENDS HERE>better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness
In the face of hopelessness and discontent, it is more worthwhile to do some good, however small, in response than to complain about the situation.
<ENDS HERE>better to light one candle than to curse the darkness
Alternative form of better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness
<ENDS HERE>beware of Greeks bearing gifts
One should not trust one's enemies.
<ENDS HERE>bi now, gay later
(humorous) Bisexual people tend to become exclusively homosexual later in life.
<ENDS HERE>big things come in small packages
Things should not be underestimated because of their small size.
<ENDS HERE>bird in the hand
Short for a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
<ENDS HERE>birds of a feather flock together
(idiomatic) People of similar character, background, or taste tend to congregate or associate with one another.
Synonyms[edit]
like attracts like
like likes like
Antonyms[edit]
opposites attract
Derived terms[edit]
flock together
<ENDS HERE>birds of the feather flock together
Alternative form of birds of a feather flock together
<ENDS HERE>English Wikipedia has an article on:blood is thicker than waterWikipedia
blood is thicker than water
(family, idiomatic) Family relations and loyalties are stronger than relationships with people who are not family members.
1866,  Anthony Trollope,  chapter 30, in  The Belton Estate:Blood is thicker than water, is it not? If cousins are not friends, who can be?
c. 1915, Lucy Fitch Perkins, The Scotch Twins, ch. 5,
The old clans are scattered now, but blood is thicker than water still, and you're welcome to the fireside of your kinsman!
<ENDS HERE>boys will be boys
It is hard, often fruitless, to attempt to curb the natural playfulness and tendency to mischief of most growing boys.
1922,  James Joyce,  chapter 13, in  Ulysses:But just then there was a slight altercation between Master Tommy and Master Jacky. Boys will be boys and our two twins were no exception to this golden rule.
Even grown men usually remain somewhat boyish at heart.
"Boys will be boys," grinned Grandpa as he watched his adult son playing with the fancy train-set he had given his grandson for Christmas.
<ENDS HERE>brevity is the soul of wit
Conciseness of expression is an essential characteristic of astute, perceptive, or witty remarks.
c. 1603, William Shakespeare, Hamlet, act 2, sc. 2:
Polonius: My liege, and madam, to expostulate
What majesty should be, what duty is,
Why day is day, night night, and time is time,
Were nothing but to waste night, day and time.
Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit,
And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes,
I will be brief: your noble son is mad.
1879,  Samuel Butler,  chapter 18, in  Evolution, Old & New:The same complaint must be made against Mr. Matthew's excellent survey of the theory of evolution, as against Dr. Erasmus Darwin's original exposition of the same theory, namely, that it is too short. It may be very true that brevity is the soul of wit, but the leaders of science will generally succeed in burking new-born wit, unless the brevity of its soul is found compatible with a body of some bulk.
1912,  R. Austin Freeman,  chapter 5, in  The Mystery of 31 New Inn:"[I]f people would only settle their affairs in that way, a good part of the occupation of lawyers would be gone. Brevity is the soul of wit; and the fear of simplicity is the beginning of litigation."
2001 March 5, Daniel S. Levy, "In Brief," Time:
Brevity is the Soul of Wit. Talking to your infant is good, but uttering individual words might be better.
2012 April 9th, Mike Stoslaka, "[1]," Star Wars: the Phantom Menace Review:
Y'see, a guy named William Shakesman once said, "Brevity is the soul of wit." This just means don't waste my time.
<ENDS HERE>bros before hoes
(US, vulgar, slang) A man should prioritize his male friends over his girlfriend or wife.
2010, The Big Bang Theory, episode “The Spaghetti Catalyst”
Sheldon: Howard made it very clear that my allegiance should be to male comrades before women who sell their bodies for money.
Leonard: Is it possible that he said Bros before hoes?
Sheldon: Yes, but I rephrased it to avoid offending the hoes.
<ENDS HERE>bros before hos
Alternative spelling of bros before hoes
<ENDS HERE>business before pleasure
Discharging one's obligations must take precedence over devoting time to pursuits meant solely for one's own gratification.
<ENDS HERE>buy cheap, buy twice
Buying a cheap but inferior product is a false economy since it will need replacement.
Synonyms[edit]
buy cheaply, pay dearly
<ENDS HERE>buy low, sell high
(business, finance) Commonplace investment advice, recommending that a prospective investor purchase an asset at a low cost and sell it later for a high price.
1979 March 26, Gerald Clarke, "Books: Man Behind The Tube," Time (retrieved 5 Oct 2015):
[T]he art of broadcasting, writes William Paley, "is to know what the public is seeking before the public even knows it is looking for something else." As a guide, that advice is about as useful as buy low, sell high.
2006 Dec. 11, John P. Reese, "Buying High, Selling Higher," Forbes (retrieved 5 Oct 2015):
The old investment adage “buy low, sell high” makes perfect intuitive sense, but folks like William O’Neil would prefer to “buy high and sell higher.”
2011 May 14, Jennifer Hill, "The 10 biggest investment pitfalls (and how to avoid them)," Independent (UK) (retrieved 5 Oct 2015):
Any savvy investor knows the basic principle of investment: buy low, sell high.
Usage notes[edit]
Often used in a humorous manner, since this advice is too trite and vague to be helpful in specific situations.
<ENDS HERE>buy when it snows and sell when it goes
Alternative form of buy when it snows, sell when it goes
<ENDS HERE>buy when it snows, sell when it goes
(business, stock market, chiefly northern  US and Canada) Stock market securities can be expected to increase in value to a greater degree in the cold winter months from November through April than in the warm months from May through October, and profit-minded investors should manage their portfolios accordingly.
2007 May 10, Peter McKenzie-Brown, "Sell in May and Stay Away!," Language Matters (retrieved 13 Oct 2015):
There is a phenomenon in stock market investment known as "seasonality." In Canada we sometimes summarize it with the epithet "Buy when it snows, sell when it goes."
2010 Oct. 21, Paul Marshman, "Buy when it snows, sell when it goes!," Toronto Star (Canada) (retrieved 13 Oct 2015):
Most years, he says, investors can make money by simply holding broad indices, such as the S&P 500 and Canada's S&P/TSX Composite, from Oct. 28 to May 5, when they tend to make most of their gains, and then selling. If that's too hard to remember, Vialoux has a handy catch phrase: “Buy when it snows! Sell when it goes!”
2012 Nov. 3, Robin Goodwin Blumenthal, "Season for Stocks: Let It Snow, Let It Snow?," Barron's (retrieved 13 Oct 2015):
According to Carlo R. Besenius, CEO of Creative Global Investments in Luxembourg, the trade, known as "buy when it snows, sell when it goes," was profitable in 53 of the past 61 periods. In a recent note, he pointed out that Munich, Geneva, Luxembourg, and Calgary had their first snowfall on Sunday, Oct. 28. He credits annual recurring events such as transactions for tax purposes and the holidays, among others.
Synonyms[edit]
sell in May and go away
See also[edit]
buy low, sell high
<ENDS HERE>Caesar's wife must be above suspicion
(proverb) Those in positions of authority should avoid even the implication of impropriety.
Alternative forms[edit]
Caesar's wife must be above reproach
Caesar's wife should be above suspicion
Caesar's wife should be above reproach
Related terms[edit]
Caesar's wife
<ENDS HERE>cannot live with them, cannot live without them
Alternative form of can't live with them, can't live without them
<ENDS HERE>can't live with 'em, can't live without 'em
Alternative form of can't live with them, can't live without them
<ENDS HERE>can't live with them and can't live without them
Alternative form of can't live with them, can't live without them
<ENDS HERE>can't live with them, can't live without them
There is a hopeless, ongoing conflict between annoyance with someone or something and need for that same person or thing.
1996 July 7, A. J. Benza, "Is Sly using his muscle to stop tell-all?," New York Daily News (retrieved 13 Aug 2015):
You've got to find the woman that works for you. Because, after all, we can't live with them, can't live without them.
1999 July 25, Cayte Williams, "Why won't my !@*!!@ machine work?," Independent (UK) (retrieved 13 Aug 2015):
Can't live with them, can't live without them. Like tweezers, pagers and passport control, computers are essential for modern living. They're marvellous (the erotic e-mail is the new love letter) and totally rubbish (it takes three hours to turn the printer on).
2010 Oct. 16, Nick McGrath, "Lulu: The singer talks about her family," Guardian (UK) (retrieved 13 Aug 2015):
My parents' relationship was very much, "can't live with them, can't live without them". They were a crazy old couple and it was one of those love/hate things.
2012 June 7, Carrie Donovan, "Going Out Guide for the District of Columbia, June 7-13," Washington Post (retrieved 13 Aug 2015):
“Men, Can’t Live With Them, Can’t Live Without Them.” Actor Cam Magee and singer Beverly Cosham explore the age-old theme in sonnets and speeches by Shakespeare and songs by Johnny Mercer and Cole Porter.
Usage notes[edit]
Frequently used to express a mixture of humor and regret regarding the imperfect, often inconsistent relationship between marital or romantic partners.
Many minor variant forms of expression are possible, as in:
2009 March 12, Clyde Haberman, "The Rich: Can’t Live With Them, Can’t Live Without Them," New York Times (retrieved 13 Aug 2015):
[T]hat’s the problem most of us have with the very rich. You can’t live with ’em, but you can’t live without ’em.
<ENDS HERE>care killed the cat
(archaic) Alternative form of curiosity killed the cat
Too much worry leads to burden.
<ENDS HERE>carpe diem
Seize the day; make the most of today; enjoy the present.
1905,  Chesterton, G. K.,  Heretics‎[1], New York: John Lane, OL 24174141M:It is the carpe diem religion; but the carpe diem religion is not the religion of happy people, but of very unhappy people.
2007 July 30,  Harris, Lee,  “Can Carpe Diem Societies Survive?”, in  The Suicide of Reason: Radical Islam's Threat to the West, New York: Basic Books, →ISBN, LCCN 2007007954, OL 9697473M, page 241:Indeed, in an extreme carpe diem society, children are raised without being given any sense that they have a transgenerational duty to the as yet unborn— the duty to leave them a better world.
2011 January 29,  “Rollercoaster: The Musical!”, in  Phineas and Ferb, season 2, episode 38, “Carpe Diem” (song):Just grab those opportunities when you see 'em / Cause every day's a brand new day, you gotta carpe diem
Synonyms[edit]
gather rosebuds
take the cash and let the credit go
Related terms[edit]
carpe diem cras
<ENDS HERE>carpe diem cras
seize the day tomorrow, make the most of tomorrow
See also[edit]
carpe diem
procrastinate
procrastination
Latin[edit]
Etymology[edit]
From Horace, Odes I.xi.8: Carpe diem, quam minimum credula postero, meaning “seize the day while trusting as little as possible on what tomorrow might bring”.
Phrase[edit]
carpe diem crās
carpe diem cras, seize the day tomorrow
<ENDS HERE>caveat lector
Reader beware.
Usage notes[edit]
This warning is usually applied specifically, such as to suggest that a given text has inaccuracies or is biased.
Related terms[edit]
caveat emptor
See also[edit]
take with a grain of salt
DBEYR
<ENDS HERE>charity begins at home
One should help the people closest to you before thinking of helping others.
1643,  Sir Thomas Browne,  Religio Medici‎[1]:Charity begins at home, is the voyce of the world, yet is every man his greatest enemy, and as it were, his owne executioner.
<ENDS HERE>cheaters never prosper
Synonym of cheats never prosper
<ENDS HERE>cheats never prosper
One does not profit by cheating.
<ENDS HERE>chicks before dicks
(vulgar, slang) A woman should prioritize her female friends over her boyfriend or husband.
2012, Becci Fox, Confessions of an Essex Girl: A Smart, Sexy and Scandalously Funny Expose, Pan Books (2012), →ISBN, unnumbered page:
"I meant for us girls to have fun tonight. I didn't mean go[sic] snogging blokes. Chicks before dicks, babe."
Quotations[edit]
For more examples of usage of this term, see Citations:chicks before dicks.
Synonyms[edit]
sisters before misters
See also[edit]
bros before hoes
<ENDS HERE>children should be seen and not heard
Children should behave well and be quiet, especially in the presence of adults.
<ENDS HERE>Christmas comes but once a year
Used to emphasize the annual distinctiveness of Christmas, especially in contexts where either the special joys or tribulations of the holiday are described.
1854, Charles Dickens, The Seven Poor Travellers, ch. 1:
I urged to the good lady that this was Christmas-eve; that Christmas comes but once a year,—which is unhappily too true, for when it begins to stay with us the whole year round we shall make this earth a very different place.
1901, Lucy Maud Montgomery, "A Christmas Mistake" in Short Stories: 1896—1901:
"Christmas comes but once a year,
And then Mother wishes it wasn't here."
2006 December 9, Lila Das Gupta, "Christmas gifts," Telegraph (UK) (retrieved 9 Jan 2018):
Christmas comes but once a year, which is just as well—shopping during the festive season can be no fun at all.
<ENDS HERE>claret would be port if it could
Everybody would change their circumstances if it were possible.
<ENDS HERE>claw me, claw thee
(archaic) Stand by me and I will stand by you.
Part or all of this entry has been imported from the 1913 edition of Webster’s Dictionary, which is now free of copyright and hence in the public domain. The imported definitions may be significantly out of date, and any more recent senses may be completely missing.(See the entry for claw me, claw thee in Webster’s Revised Unabridged Dictionary, G. & C. Merriam, 1913.)
<ENDS HERE>clogs to clogs in three generations
(Britain) Wealth earned in one generation seldom lasts through the third (grandchild’s) generation.
Synonyms[edit]
shirtsleeves to shirtsleeves in three generations
(Chinese) wealth does not survive three generations
(Japanese) the third generation ruins the house
(Italian) from stables to stars to stables
(Australian)from goon to Grange to goon
(Britain) sandals to sandals in three generations
<ENDS HERE>close only counts in horseshoes
Coming close to achieving a goal is not good enough.
Synonym: a miss is as good as a mile
<ENDS HERE>close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades
Alternative form of close only counts in horseshoes
<ENDS HERE>clothes don't make the man
You cannot accurately judge a person solely by appearances.
<ENDS HERE>cobbler, keep to your last
(idiomatic) Do not criticise matters outside your field of expertise; mind your own business.
<ENDS HERE>cold hands, warm heart
Having cold hands is an indication of warmheartedness; used as a rejoinder if one finds that another's hands are cold.
<ENDS HERE>cool heads must prevail
Alternative form of cooler heads will prevail
<ENDS HERE>cool heads prevail
Alternative form of cooler heads will prevail
<ENDS HERE>cool heads will prevail
Alternative form of cooler heads will prevail
<ENDS HERE>cooler heads must prevail
Alternative form of cooler heads will prevail
<ENDS HERE>cooler heads prevail
Alternative form of cooler heads will prevail
<ENDS HERE>cooler heads will prevail
People who are calm and focused are the most likely to succeed or to have the greatest influence on events.
1993 July 2, Robin Finn, "Tennis: Hotheads Need Not Apply to the Men's Final Four," New York Times (retrieved 20 March 2014):
The cooler heads will prevail when the top four men in the world do battle Friday in the semifinals at Wimbledon.
2001, James J. Wirtz and Jeffrey A. Larsen (eds.), Rockets’ Red Glare: Missile Defenses and the Future of World Politics, →ISBN, page 11 (Google preview):
This book assumes that cooler heads will prevail. Russian and American negotiators will find some way to accommodate the deployment of a modest interceptor force.
Related terms[edit]
cool head
cool-headed
<ENDS HERE>crime doesn't pay
If you commit a crime you will most likely be punished for it.
<ENDS HERE>cross my heart and hope to die, stick a needle in my eye
Synonym of cross my heart and hope to die
<ENDS HERE>curiosity killed the cat
One should not be curious about things that can be dangerous.
Coordinate terms[edit]
nine lives
<ENDS HERE>curses, like chickens, come home to roost
Alternative form of the chickens come home to roost.
1850, speech of Thomas W. Gibson, in H. Fowler, Report of the Debates and Proceedings of the Convention for the Revision of the Constitution of the State of Indiana, Indianapolis, page 448.
I did not expect, Mr. President, to hear such a doctrine as this from the gentleman who, this morning, so eloquently denounced alt attempts at disunion. That gentleman should remember the old Spanish proverb—“Curses, like chickens, come home to roost.”
1860, Timothy Shay Arthur, "Worse Enemies than Lions and Tigers", in Shadows and Sunbeams, J.W. Bradley, page 19.
Have you ever heard the old Spanish proverb, “Curses, like chickens, come home to roost?” If so, it were well for you to ponder its meaning.
1907 April 12, The Bradys and "Kid Joaquin"; or, The Greasers of Robbers Canyon. in Secret Service: Old and Young King Brady, Detectives, No. 429, page 1.
“Peace, old mother,” he said in Spanish. “Remember that curses, like chickens, come home to roost. Put another on my head and I'll blow your beads down your throat.”
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one that brought ya
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one that brought you
(chiefly US and Canada) Be considerate and loyal to the one who has been supportive, attentive, or helpful to you.
1986, Cooperative Farmer, Vols 42-43, p. 77. (Google snippet view) (retrieved 9 May 2018):
"I have had people say, ‘Oh, the landscaping business is doing OK. So, you're going to get out of tobacco farming.’ No! I would like to see my landscaping business grow. But, without the cash flow from the farm, I would not have been able to start the landscaping operation," the Bunn, N.C., farmer stresses. "As they say, you dance with the one that brought you."
2000 October 18, Thomas Boswell, "Unlike the Boss, Torre Recognizes the Right Stuff," Washington Post (retrieved 9 May 2018):
Sometimes you have to dance with the one that brought you. And, ever since he won a crucial Game Four in Cleveland on 16 days rest in the 1998 ALCS, Torre has trusted Hernandez more than any of his starters.
2014 February 17, John E. Sununu, "Keeping Obama at arm’s length," Boston Globe (retrieved 9 May 2018):
Obama’s approval ratings have fallen below 40 percent. “Dance with the one that brought you,” the saying goes, but when you are a Senate Democrat stuck with the wrong prom date, there’s only one thing to do: hide in the bathroom.
2016 April 30, James Allan, "Leaving the dance with the one who brought you," Spectator (UK) (retrieved 9 May 2018):
I mention this Canadian Conservative Prime Minister because he coined the political adage ‘you dance with the one that brought you’. In less colourful terms Mulroney meant that a Prime Minister should ‘never, ever ignore his party’s base’.
Synonyms[edit]
Synonyms of dance with the one that brought you
leave with the one that brought ya
leave with the one that brung ya
leave with the one that brung you
leave with the one what brought ya
leave with the one what brought you
leave with the one what brung ya
leave with the one what brung you
leave with the one who brought ya
leave with the one who brought you
leave with the one who brung ya
leave with the one who brung you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one that brung ya
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one that brung you
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one what brought ya
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one what brung ya
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one what brung you
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one who brought ya
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one who brought you
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one who brung ya
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dance with the one who brung you
Alternative form of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>dead men can tell no tales
Alternative form of dead men tell no tales
<ENDS HERE>dead men tell no tales
A dead person can no longer reveal information, especially information which others wish to keep secret.
Usage notes[edit]
Sometimes used to indicate a motive for murder.
<ENDS HERE>death is the great leveller (British spelling)
death balances all
<ENDS HERE>desperate times call for desperate measures
In adverse circumstances, actions that might have been rejected under other circumstances may become the best choice.
<ENDS HERE>desperate times require desperate measures
Alternative form of desperate times call for desperate measures
<ENDS HERE>(the) devil is in the details
(idiomatic) The specific provisions of, or particular steps for implementing, a general plan, policy, or contract may be complicated, controversial, or unworkable.
1998, Alain L. Sanders, "Israel: Let the People Speak," Time, 16 Dec.,
The country has developed a strong consensus for peace, but the devil is in the details over what concessions should be made.
Usage notes[edit]
"Detail" as a mass noun is also used instead of "details" - The devil is in the detail.
<ENDS HERE>(the) devil lies in the details
(idiomatic) Synonym of devil is in the details
<ENDS HERE>diamonds are a girl's best friend
While love is a luxury, material wealth (particularly jewellery) is more valuable to a girl.
Related terms[edit]
diamonds are forever
<ENDS HERE>different strokes for different folks
Different people like different things; there's no accounting for taste.
November 1966, Muhammed Ali, interview before a fight with Cleveland Williams, explaining his knock-out punches against Sonny Liston and Floyd Patterson:
"I got different strokes for different folks."
<ENDS HERE>discretion is the better part of valor
(US) Alternative spelling of discretion is the better part of valour
<ENDS HERE>discretion is the better part of valour
It is often wise to refrain from seemingly brave speech or action.
1597 — William Shakespeare, Henry IV, Part 1, act v, scene 4
The better part of valour is discretion; in the which better part, I have saved my life.
2019 October,  Chris Stokes,  “Between the Lines”, in  Modern Railways, page 97:At least there was no problem with Alison travelling on the 'wrong' train - discretion was the better part of valour for ticket checks [on a train full of football supporters].
<ENDS HERE>
<ENDS HERE>do as I say, not as I do
Alternative form of do as I say and not as I do
<ENDS HERE>do unto others as you would have them do unto you
One should treat others as one would like others to treat oneself; an expression of the golden rule.
1611,  The Holy Bible, […] (King James Version), imprinted at London: By Robert Barker, […], OCLC 964384981, Matthew 7:12::
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.
1611,  The Holy Bible, […] (King James Version), imprinted at London: By Robert Barker, […], OCLC 964384981, Luke 6:31::
And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise.
<ENDS HERE>doctors make the worst patients
(idiomatic) It is difficult to advise people on subjects that they are experts on.
<ENDS HERE>Does Macy's tell Gimbel's?
(US, dated, colloquial, rhetorical question) A rhetorical question with the implied answer being that competitors do not share business secrets with one another.
1941 January 21, The Washington Post, pg. 22:
The "Does Macy's tell Gimbel's?" gag has been a standard one in New York for many years. It was somewhat shattered last night at the Copacabana, when two young couples were seated at a ringside table and conversed at great length...."Well, Macy's may not tell Gimbel's," said one of the young men, "But Bloomingdale's does."
1946 January 11, The New York Times, pg. 24:
In other words the older circuit will give the Johnny-come-lately as little help and comfort as it can. After all, does Macy's tell Gimbel's?
1947 June 5, The New York Times, pg. 32:
...As a lesson in merchandising, not only store products, but good-will, this "Miracle on 34th Street" is a dandy. Does Macy's tell Gimbel's? It should!
1966 January 7, Hogan's Heroes:
Col. Hogan (to Col. Klink) Does Macy tell Gimbel?
Usage notes[edit]
Popular from the 1930s into the 1960s. Now used chiefly among older people.
<ENDS HERE>don't change a winning team
Synonym of if it ain't broke, don't fix it
See also[edit]
if it ain't broke, don't fix it
don't change horses in midstream
<ENDS HERE>don't count your chickens before the eggs have hatched
Alternative form of don't count your chickens before they're hatched
<ENDS HERE>don't count your chickens before they're hatched
One should not depend upon a favorable (and typically overoptimistic) outcome to one's plans until it is certain to occur.
Synonyms[edit]
don't get your hopes up
<ENDS HERE>don't cry over spilled milk
Alternative spelling of don't cry over spilt milk
<ENDS HERE>don't dip your pen in company ink
Alternative form of you don't dip your pen in company ink
<ENDS HERE>don't drive faster than your guardian angel can fly
Driving (a vehicle) very fast is a dangerous act.
<ENDS HERE>don't drop the soap
(idiomatic) Used as a mockery to someone who is about to be or should be confined in prison.
See also[edit]
Don't Drop the Soap on  Wikipedia.Wikipedia  (board game)
<ENDS HERE>don't get above your raising
(Southern US) To act in a manner not in keeping with the way one is brought up
Synonyms[edit]
acting above your station
forgetting where you came from
See also[edit]
pretense
snobbery
<ENDS HERE>don't get your meat where you get your bread
Refrain from romantic or sexual relations with someone from your workplace.
<ENDS HERE>don't hate the player, hate the game
The frustrations with a system or activity should be blamed on its weaknesses, rather than on individuals who operate within it.
See also[edit]
love the sinner, hate the sin
<ENDS HERE>don't judge a book by its cover
Alternative form of you can't judge a book by its cover
<ENDS HERE>don't keep a dog and bark yourself
Don't do anything you are paying a more qualified person to do.
<ENDS HERE>don't look a gift horse in the mouth
Do not unappreciatively question a gift or handout too closely.
Related terms[edit]
beggars can't be choosers
long in the tooth
<ENDS HERE>don't put all your eggs in one basket
Do not dedicate all your resources to one project.
Do not count on any one thing to safeguard what is valuable.
Usage notes[edit]
Its use in print has been traced to the novel "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes in the early 1600s.
<ENDS HERE>don't shit in your own nest
Synonym of don't shit where you eat
See also[edit]
it's an ill bird that fouls its own nest
<ENDS HERE>don't shit where you eat
(idiomatic, vulgar) One should not cause trouble in a place, group, or situation in which one regularly finds oneself.
1994 April 14, Nelson Navarro, "Ever faithful, ever true," Manila Standard (Philippines) (retrieved 12 Aug. 2011):
The guiding principle is Don't shit where you eat. Office romances are always destructive of morale and objectivity.
2003 Oct. 8, Jonathan Valania, "Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Pussy," Philadelphia Weekly (retrieved 12 Aug. 2011):
Limbaugh was scheduled to deliver the keynote speech at the NAB convention in, of all places, Philadelphia, thus violating the cardinal law of the animal kingdom: Don't shit where you eat.
2006 Sept. 19, Michael Musto, "NY Mirror," Village Voice (retrieved 12 Aug. 2011):
Mitchell refused to indulge in on-set romances with either gender. "You don't shit where you eat," he told me, plainly.
Usage notes[edit]
Often used as a warning of the dangers of workplace romances.
Synonyms[edit]
don't shit in your own nest
<ENDS HERE>don't shoot the messenger
The bearer of bad news should not be held accountable for it.
<ENDS HERE>don't sweat the small stuff
(informal) Do not give in to petty problems; don't worry about insignificant matters.
<ENDS HERE>don't take any wooden nickels
(US, dated) Do not permit yourself be cheated or duped; do not be naive.
1938, "Macy's College Shop" [display advertisement], New York Times, 14 Aug, p. 19:
For conversation pieces . . . the whacky necklace called "Don't take any wooden nickels!" at $1.83 (designed by Martha Sleeper).
1951, "Folklore in the News: Cliché Strip," Western Folklore, vol. 10, no. 1 (Jan), p. 84:
H. T. Webster's comic strip, "The Timid Soul," in the Oakland Tribune of September 10, 1950 used the tendency to repeat worn phrases as the subject for the hero's good intentions. The following are recorded: . . . Don't take any wooden nickels.
<ENDS HERE>don't try to teach grandma how to suck eggs
Don't presume to give advice to those who are more experienced.
<ENDS HERE>drive for show, putt for dough
(golf, informal) Long drive shots may look impressive, but putting accuracy on the green is most important in order to win.
<ENDS HERE>e pluribus unum
"out of many, one" or "from many, one" (alternatively translated as "one out of many" or "one from many”)
Usage notes[edit]
A de facto national motto of the United States of America until 1956.
<ENDS HERE>each to his own
Alternative form of to each his own
1993, Vegetarian Times (number 195, page 46)
Certainly I don't mind other people eating turkey — each to his own, after all, is the American Way  […]
<ENDS HERE>early bird catches the worm
Alternative form of early bird gets the worm
<ENDS HERE>early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
A person who sleeps early and wakes up early will have a more successful life.
Synonyms[edit]
the early bird gets the worm
<ENDS HERE>easy come, easy go
(idiomatic) Easily won and easily lost; usually said when resigned to a loss; something that comes in the same way, goes in the same way.
They took $200 with them into the casino, and regarded their winnings as easy come, easy go.
1975, Queen, Bohemian Rhapsody
I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy. / Because I'm easy come, easy go. / Little high, little low
Related terms[edit]
here today, gone tomorrow
<ENDS HERE>eat to live, not live to eat
(medicine, imperative) It is best not to be gluttonous; eating shouldn't be one's favorite activity, but one should eat only to supply health.
2013,  Carl H. Klaus,  'A Self Made of Words: Crafting a Distinctive Persona in Nonfiction Writing', →ISBN:Balance can be used to heighten matched pairs of ideas, as in the maxim "one should eat to live, not live to eat."
Usage notes[edit]
Often used as an advice or imperative.
<ENDS HERE>eat, drink and be merry
Enjoy yourself; forget your cares; do not worry.
1879,  “Eat, Drink, and Be Merry”, in  University Chronicle, volume 10, page 101:And if you do not put the motto "Eat, drink, and be merry," above your dining-room door, fix it in your mind, and put it into practice. Laugh, talk, and crack jokes at the table, and thereby heal an injured body.
1880,  William Young Fullerton,  Waymarks for wanderers: 5 addresses, page 122:He says his motto is ' Let us eat, drink, and be merry.' Just so, young man : my motto is exactly the same as yours, ' Let us eat, drink, and be merry.'
1995,  V. R. Taneja,  Educational Thought And Practice, →ISBN, page 28:Life is not all bread and butter. It is not eat, drink and be merry. It is much more.
2015,  Adrian Breeden,  Time Grooves and Travel Records, →ISBN, page 556:Our days here were spent visiting beaches and resting under huge parasols to hide from the sun and eat, drink and be merry while occasionally joining the children to bathe in the warm, grey sea.
See also[edit]
eat, drink and be merry for tomorrow we die
<ENDS HERE>eat, drink and be merry for tomorrow we die
Life is short, so you should enjoy it while you can.
1977,  Bartlett Jere Whiting,  Early American Proverbs and Proverbial Phrases, →ISBN, page 127:But are more inclined to take for their guide the maxim of "a penny saved is a penny got" than that of "let us eat drink and be merry for tomorrow we die."
1996,  “Tripping Billies”, in  Remember Two Things, performed by Dave Matthews Band:Eat, drink, and be merry / For tomorrow, we'll die / Cause we're tripping billies
2011,  Mack Reynolds,  Tomorrow Might Be Different, →ISBN:Vovo said, only half arguing, "Who can you point out that ever profited by this moderation teaching? Who inhistory every got anywhere practicing moderation. Some say you must live to the hilt. Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow we die.”
2013,  Carvel Collins,  Fighting With Purpose: I'm in It to Win It, →ISBN, page 106:The younger decided to leave and live the fast life and be carefree—eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we die.
<ENDS HERE>eaten bread is soon forgotten
(Ireland) Kind deeds or favours are often forgotten by the beneficiary once they have been done.
2008, Ciara Kelly, "We're paying the price of union power", Irish Independent, 6 July 2008:
Promised increases in productivity following previous pay rises never materialised -- as eaten bread is soon forgotten -- but we'll be paying for the crumbs for a long time to come.
2011, Mary Sullivan, "We must live on less, but can our TDs?", Irish Independent, 13 August 2011:
Eaten bread is soon forgotten, as we do seem to quickly forget the immense funding we did receive from the EEC and then the EU over 30 years, culminating in almost IR£1bn in the late 1990s, under Albert Reynolds's time as Taoiseach.
2012, Noreen Flynn, "Further pay cuts for teachers", The Irish Times, 27 February 2012:
It is obvious that eaten bread is soon forgotten by anyone asking teachers to take another one for the team.
Synonyms[edit]
no good deed goes unpunished
<ENDS HERE>empty vessels make the most sound
noisy, opinionated people are often ignorant.
<ENDS HERE>enough is as good as a feast
Just the right amount is as good as more than enough: there is no value in excess.
<ENDS HERE>even a blind pig can find an acorn
Alternative form of even a blind pig can find an acorn once in a while
<ENDS HERE>even a blind pig can find an acorn once in a while
Being right once doesn't prove anything
Synonyms[edit]
a stopped clock is right twice a day
<ENDS HERE>even Homer nods
Not even the most vigilant and expert are immune to error.
1677,  John Dryden,  “The Authors Apology for Heroique Poetry; and Poetique Licence”, in  The State of Innocence, and Fall of Man: An Opera. Written in Heroique Verse, and Dedicated to Her Royal Highness, the Duchess, London: Printed by T[homas] N[ewcomb] for Henry Herringman, at the Anchor in the Lower Walk of the New Exchange, OCLC 23778170:Horace acknowledges that honeſt Homer nods ſometimes: He is not equally awake in every Line:  […]
1709,  Alexander Pope,  An Essay on Criticism, London: Printed for W. Lewis in Russell-street, Covent-Garden; and sold by W. Taylor at the Ship in Pater-Noster-Row, T. Osborn in Grays-Inn near the Walks, and J. Graves in St. James's-Street, OCLC 1011856791, page 12:Thoſe are but Stratagems which Errors ſeem, / Nor is it Homer Nods, but We that Dream.
1713,  [Jean] de la Bruyere; N[icholas] Rowe,  “Of M. de la Bruyere’s Book, entitul’d, The Characters: Or the Manners of the Present Age”, in  The Works of Monsieur De La Bruyere. In Two Volumes. Containing, I. The Moral Characters of Theophrastus. II. The Characters, or, The Manners of the Present Age. III. M. Bruyeres Speech upon His Admission into the French Academy. IV. An Account of the Life and Writings of M. Bruyere. By Monsieur Coste. [...] Revis’d by the Paris Edition: With an Original Chapter, Of the Manner of Living with Great Men: Written after the Method of M. Bruyere, by N. Rowe, Esq., volume I, 6th edition, London: Printed for E[dmund] Curll, at the Dial and Bible, and J. Pemberton, at the Buck and Sun; both against St. Dunstan's Church in Fleetstreet, OCLC 752959976, page 102:He [de Vigneul-Marvin] knows that Homer nods sometimes, and that Faults are found in the beſt writers. He is an Author himself, and conſequently may commit an Over-ſight as well as Pindar, Virgil, Horace, and all the moſt celebrated Ancient and Modern Authors.
2009 April 27,  James Taranto,  “When Pigs Flu: But … but … Mexico has Socialized Medicine!”, in  The Wall Street Journal‎[1], archived from the original on 22 March 2016:And Homer nods: The Arizona Cardinals and Philadelphia Eagles played in this year's NFC championship, not NFL championship as we said in a Friday follow-up (since corrected).
<ENDS HERE>even Jove nods
Alternative form of even Homer nods
Quotations[edit]
1896: Lilian Bell, The Under Side of Things, page 178
[I]t is said that even Jove nods upon occasions; but if Venus ever did, the record has been lost.
1903: Factory and Industrial Management, volume 24, page 760
To err is human, and even Jove nods. But it certainly seems unnecessary to go out of the way to invent and elaborately embroider stories so grotesque as this.
1905: Orison Swett Marden, Choosing a Career, page 315
It is said that even Jove nods; the paying teller must never nod, since he is beset with opportunities to make mistakes, a single one of which may cost the bank a great deal of money and him his place and chances of advancement.
1913: The Chautauquan, volume 70, page 68
It is even related that at one time when [Napoleon] caught [Marie Louise] experimenting with the making of an omelette he gave yet one more instance of his omniscience by playfully teaching her how to prepare it. That he dropped it on the floor would seem to prove that even Jove nods.
1933: Time, volume 22, issues 14–26, page 10
Time usually is correct in its statements but we have classical authority that even Jove nods occasionally.
1997: Harry Turtledove, How Few Remain, page 547
“Even Jove nods,” Roosevelt said, which meant nothing to the storekeeper. Grunting, Roosevelt carried the full milk cans out to the wagon.
For more examples of usage of this term, see Citations:even Jove nods.
<ENDS HERE>every cloud has a silver lining
In every bad situation there is an element of good.
1881,  National Academy of Code Administration (U.S.),  Folio, page 417:Every cloud has a silver lining; but in the old-fashioned meeting-houses every cloud of hymnal melody generally had a nasal lining before the congregation  […]
1887,  Shakers,  Religion, page 36: […]  that "a little reserve and thou'lt fail surely," will prove to be true in our experience. Every cloud has a silver lining and so has every sorrow,  […]
1918,  George Jean Nathan,  Performing Arts, page 222:But the most popular attitude toward what we may call "sad" plays is the peculiar one of believing that, since every cloud has a silver lining,  […]
<ENDS HERE>every dark cloud has a silver lining
Alternative form of every cloud has a silver lining
<ENDS HERE>every day is a school day
You learn something new every day.
<ENDS HERE>every dog has his day
Alternative form of every dog has its day
<ENDS HERE>every dog has its day
Everyone, at some point, experiences some degree of success, impact, or influence in life.
1898, George Bernard Shaw, Caesar and Cleopatra, act 3:
Caesar: Yes, Rufio: I am an old man—worn out now—true, quite true. . . . Well, every dog has his day; and I have had mine: I cannot complain.
1987 Nov. 5, Thomas George, "Football: First Down, Many Goals to Go," New York Times (retrieved 13 July 2015):
"[T]o lose, it hurt. But I learned from that. I learned that every dog has its day. I learned patience."
2012 Aug. 11, "Europa League: Hearts delight at Liverpool tie," Independent (UK) (retrieved 13 July 2015):
The Hearts manager John McGlynn was thrilled to be drawn against Liverpool in the Europa League play-offs. McGlynn said: ". . . . I would imagine the bookmakers would favour Liverpool but every dog has its day."
<ENDS HERE>every dog must have his day
Alternative form of every dog has its day
<ENDS HERE>every dog must have its day
Alternative form of every dog has its day
<ENDS HERE>every Jack has his Jill
Everybody will eventually find a romantic partner.
<ENDS HERE>every king needs a queen
Every man needs a woman as a romantic partner to spend his life with.
<ENDS HERE>every law has its loophole
Alternative forms[edit]
every law has a loophole
<ENDS HERE>every little bit helps
Alternative form of every little helps
<ENDS HERE>every little helps
(Britain) Even the smallest things are helpful when towards a goal.
Synonyms[edit]
many a mickle makes a muckle
take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves
a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
little and often fills the purse
<ENDS HERE>every man has a price
Everyone can be bribed or corrupted for a certain price.
<ENDS HERE>every man has his price
Alternative form of every man has a price
<ENDS HERE>every man is the architect of his own fortune
Each person is the chief cause of their success or failure in life.
<ENDS HERE>every rose has a thorn
Alternative form of every rose has its thorn
2007 -,  Mary Louise McCaffrey,  A Handful of Sand, →ISBN:He pricked a finger. Every rose has a thorn. Isabella is a rose. Her father is a thorn.
2010,  Cordan Stough,  A World of Fantasy and Disaster, →ISBN, page 103:I then See it a rose with a thorn on it the last One there and I grab it and tell the guy I will take it with a card saying to my True love let this rose be a gift to you Even though every rose has a thorn But my heart will always be yours.
2012,  John Ajvide Lindqvist,  Little Star: A Novel, →ISBN, page 45:However, every rose has a thorn.
2013,  Todd D. Little,  Longitudinal Structural Equation Modeling, →ISBN, page 71:Perhaps, like every rose has a thorn, every latent-variable SEM model begins with a contirmatory Factor analysis (CFA) model.
<ENDS HERE>every rose has its thorn
Every good situation happens with misfortune or adversity
2011,  Lee King,  Bill Christian Private Investigator in: The Yadkin River Werewolf Case, →ISBN:Bill—just remember every rose has it's thorn and you have Lee King.
2014,  Sophia Loren,  Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow: My Life, →ISBN, page 32:But every rose has its thorn, and the sharpest was yet to jab us.
2014,  Turney Hall,  An Eagle Soars: One Man's Journey to Baldness, →ISBN:However, every rose has its thorn, and alopecia universalisis no different.
See also[edit]
there is no rose without a thorn
<ENDS HERE>every rule has an exception
Alternative form of there is an exception to every rule
<ENDS HERE>every shut eye isn't asleep
(especially African American Vernacular) One must be careful, because some people who seem not to be paying attention are actually paying attention.
1994, Michael S. Harper, Anthony Walton, Every Shut Eye Ain't Asleep: An Anthology of Poetry →ISBN
2006, Lisa Walker, Every Shut Eye Ain't Sleep →ISBN
2006,  Sabrina Nixon,  Victims of Change, →ISBN, page 150:The other girls appeared to be sleeping through it as well, but there's an old saying that says every closed eye isn't sleeping.
2007, Patricia Barbee, Every Shut Eye Isn't Asleep →ISBN
2007,  Monica McKayhan,  Indigo Summer, →ISBN, page 125:“Hi, Daddy. I thought you were asleep.” “All closed eyes aren't sleep, baby,” he said, and peeped at his watch.
2011, Teresa Hill, Every Closed Eye Ain't Sleep: African American Perspectives →ISBN
<ENDS HERE>every silver lining has a cloud
Every good situation has the potential to turn bad.
2007, Diab A. Shetayh, Actuality : The Reality Requiem
A great partnership isn't a self-maintaining entity. Perseverance and persistence make it thrive. For every silver lining has a cloud. Ignorance of this reality is not an option.
<ENDS HERE>everything old is new again
Old fashions return to being popular.
<ENDS HERE>experience is the best teacher
Lessons learned from experience are the most lasting.
See also[edit]
school of hard knocks
<ENDS HERE>eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth
(idiomatic) compensation for injury caused by a person, in the form of inflicting of an identical injury on that person.
Synonyms[edit]
tit for tat
Antonyms[edit]
turn the other cheek
<ENDS HERE>fact is stranger than fiction
Alternative form of truth is stranger than fiction
<ENDS HERE>failure to prepare is preparing to fail
Failing to prepare will cause one to lose or fail
<ENDS HERE>fair exchange is no robbery
Swapping two things or subjects of equal value is considered an honest deal.
2006 -,  Michele Baxter,  The Chronicles of Serendipus: The Tale of the Secret Keeper, →ISBN, page 118-119:"You can get anything you need here," Shamlack explained. "Longheads will adapt to whatever trade is needed at any given time and they have an excellent eye and mind for business. They are always honest, but don't ever expect to get anything for nothing -- you get what you ask for and nothing more or less than that." "Well, you know, fair exchange is no robbery," one of the Longheads chipped in, overhearing them.
2012,  Gavin Kennedy,  Everything is Negotiable, →ISBN:When you add all the other elements (risk, security, deposit, currency, condition, title, mortgage interest, planning consents, inhibitions, tenants' titles, access, utilities, damage, landscaping and so on) of the sale or purchase of the building, the 'equal' movement fantasy is exposed as meaningless in detail. 'Fair exchange is no robbery' is true but it says nothing about a fair exchange being equal in some way. In fact, no exchange is an equal transaction.
2013,  Vernon Louis Parrington,  The Beginnings of Critical Realism in America, →ISBN:The current maxim that a fair exchange is no robbery—so confidently urged— cannot apply to the profit system, for if the exchange is fair there is no profit, and if there is no profit there will be no exchange
2014,  Roger A McCain,  Reframing Economics: Economic Action as Imperfect Cooperation, →ISBN:An old saying has it that “fair exchange is no robbery,” and in fact, exchange, per se, is a form of interdependence that can make both sides better off.
<ENDS HERE>faith will move mountains
Belief in oneself (read sometimes as belief in God) can help one overcome any hurdle in life's path.
<ENDS HERE>familiarity breeds contempt
The more acquainted one becomes with a person, the more one knows about his or her shortcomings and, hence, the easier it is to dislike that person.
1673,  Richard Baxter,  chapter X, in  A Christian Directory:“[S]uffer [your children] not to carry themselves unreverently or contemptuously towards you [parents]; but to keep their distance. For too much familiarity breedeth contempt, and imboldeneth to disobedience.”
1822,  William Hazlitt,  chapter 1, in  Table-Talk:“For a person to read his own works over with any great delight, he ought first to forget that he ever wrote them. Familiarity naturally breeds contempt.”
1894,  H. Rider Haggard,  chapter 25, in  The People Of The Mist:This was the beginning of evil, for if no man is a hero to his valet de chambre, much less can he remain a god for long in the eyes of a curious woman. Here, as in other matters, familiarity breeds contempt.
<ENDS HERE>feed a cold, starve a fever
Expressing the common belief that eating more will cure the common cold, and eating less will cure a fever.[2]
1887, J. H. Whelan, "The Treatment of Colds," The Practitioner, vol. 38, pg. 180:
"Feed a cold, starve a fever." There is a deal of wisdom in the first part of this advice. A person with a catarrh should take an abundance of light nutritious food, and some light wine, but avoid spirits, and above all tobacco.
1968, Katinka Loeser, The Archers at Home, publ. Atheneum, New York, pg. 60:
I have a cold. 'Feed a cold, starve a fever.' You certainly know that.
2009, Shelly Reuben, Tabula Rasa, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, →ISBN, pg. 60:
They say feed a cold, starve a fever, but they don't tell you what to do when you got both, so I figured scrambled eggs, tea, and toast.
<ENDS HERE>finders, keepers
Whoever finds something is allowed to keep it.
Usage notes[edit]
Often "finders, keepers; losers, weepers"
<ENDS HERE>finders, keepers; losers, weepers
Alternative form of finders, keepers
<ENDS HERE>fine feathers make fine birds
(idiomatic) Something that appears beautiful or good is by definition beautiful or good.
<ENDS HERE>fine words butter no parsnips
Nothing is achieved by empty words or flattery.
<ENDS HERE>first catch your hare
Make sure you have a thing before you decide what to do with it.
<ENDS HERE>first come, first served
(idiomatic) People will be dealt with in the order they arrive.
Derived terms[edit]
first-come-first-served
<ENDS HERE>fish and company stink after three days
A guest who overstays will cease to be welcome.
See also[edit]
absence makes the heart grow fonder
<ENDS HERE>fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me
After being tricked once, one should learn from one's mistakes and avoid being tricked in the same way again.
<ENDS HERE>fools rush in where angels fear to tread
A person who does not plan ahead and think matters through becomes involved in risky or unfavorable situations which prudent people avoid.
Usage notes[edit]
Often abbreviated as fools rush in.
Synonyms[edit]
look before you leap
Antonyms[edit]
he who hesitates is lost
<ENDS HERE>forbidden fruit is the sweetest
Forbidden things seem more appealing; people want things more if (or, in some way, because) they can't have them.
<ENDS HERE>forewarned is forearmed
Advance awareness of a situation, especially a risky one, prepares one to deal with it.
1863,  Charles Reade,  chapter 4, in  Hard Cash:[W]hatever a young gentleman of that age says to you, he says to many other ladies; but your experience is not equal to your sense; so profit by mine . . . forewarned is forearmed.
1885,  G. A. Henty,  chapter 4, in  Saint George for England:Sometimes, they say, it is wiser to remain in ignorance; at other times forewarned is forearmed.
c. 1903, Lucy Maud Montgomery, "Why Mr. Cropper Changed His Mind":
"Well, Miss Maxwell, I think it only fair to tell you that you may have trouble with those boys when they do come. Forewarned is forearmed, you know."
<ENDS HERE>forewarned, forearmed
Alternative form of forewarned is forearmed
<ENDS HERE>fortune favors the bold
Luck is usually on the side of those who take chances and risks.
<ENDS HERE>fortune favors the brave
Alternative form of fortune favors the bold
<ENDS HERE>fortune favours the bold
Alternative form of fortune favors the bold
<ENDS HERE>fortune favours the brave
Alternative form of fortune favors the bold
<ENDS HERE>garbage in, garbage out
(computing, information technology, translation studies) If input data are not complete, accurate, and timely, then the resulting output is unreliable and of no useful value.
1963, Raymond Crowley, "Robot Tax Collector Seeks Indications of 'Fudging'," Times Daily (Alabama, USA), 1 April (retrieved 26 July 2010):
Officials explained that the quality of the computer's work depends on the quality of the data fed into it. Neil Hoke, administrative assistant to Stewart, quoted an adage of computer men: "Garbage in, garbage out."
2008, Roger K. Lewis, "'In Architectural Design, Brains and Talent Trump the Best Software," Washington Post, 19 July (retrieved 26 July 2010):
The old caveat "GIGO"—garbage in, garbage out—is as valid in architectural design as in any other computer-aided activity.
Usage notes[edit]
Even though the word garbage is chiefly American English, garbage in, garbage out may also be used in British English.
Synonyms[edit]
GIGO
rubbish in, rubbish out (UK)
<ENDS HERE>genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration
A genius depends more on hard work than imagination.
2003,  Lagoon Books,  How to Be a Huge Success, →ISBN:The whole thing is to keep working and pretty soon they'll think you're good. Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
2006,  John Kundert-Gibbs, ‎Peter Lee, ‎& Dariush Derakhshani,  Maya 5 Savvy, →ISBN, page 34:In the adage that says “genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration,” this is the all important one percent.
2015,  Christine A. Hult,  The Handy English Grammar Answer Book, →ISBN:His life mirrored his words: “Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.”
26 December 2016,  Matthew Dun,  “Chelsea stars shed light on Antonio Conte's genius as they bid to continue winning streak”, in  Daily Express (UK):Certainly he has shown himself to be one step cleverer than inventor Thomas Edison with the simple philosophy he has brought to Stamford Bridge, very much in line with the famous quote, “Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.”
March 2, 2017,  John Wright,  “Column: The Power of Persistence”, in  Parker Life:Thomas Edison famously said that “Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.” What that means is “inspired” ideas may come and go, but to make them function is a lot of hard work
<ENDS HERE>get woke, go broke
(informal, neologism) Businesses that attempt to align themselves with social justice causes are liable to lose customers.
17 April 2018, John Ringo quoted by Jon del Arroz in Author John Ringo Responds to SJW Assault That Led to Sci-Fi Convention Ban on dangerous.com  (Please provide the title of the work)‎[1], (Please provide a date or year)
According to Ringo, the convention then pushed its conservative members out of its planning committee, attendance dropped over years, and it’s now defunct. “Get woke, go broke,” he says of any organization who bows to SJW pressure.
David Prentice, 19 May 2018, Code Red: The Coming Eruption (on American Thinker)  (Please provide the title of the work)‎[2], (Please provide a date or year)
Get woke, go broke isn’t just about money, it’s about credibility and truth.  These people have been broken by their own pride, their sense of entitlement, and their own disdain of anyone who does not agree with them.
2019, Alexander Adams, Culture War: Art, Identity Politics and Cultural Entryism
This led to the biting critical slogan “Get woke, go broke” to characterise the commercial failure of “woke” (“politically enlightened”) policies in an open marketplace.
<ENDS HERE>give a man a fish
Shortened form of give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
<ENDS HERE>give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime
It is more worthwhile to teach someone to do something (for themselves) than to do it for them (on an ongoing basis).
<ENDS HERE>give him enough rope and he'll hang himself
If one gives someone enough freedom of action, they may destroy themselves by foolish actions.
<ENDS HERE>give someone an inch and someone will take a mile
(idiomatic) Alternative form of give them an inch and they'll take a mile
<ENDS HERE>give them an inch and they'll take a mile
Granting someone a limited concession will encourage them to take greater liberties.
1843, John Bowring, editor, The Works of Jeremy Bentham, volume 10, Edinburgh: William Tait, pages 279–280:O the tyranny of aristocracy!—give it a furlong, and it will take a mile,—a veto stopped me once from going to Brussels: and now comes a Lettre de cachet ordering me to Paris.(With "furlong" being probable wordplay on the usual form.)
1846,  George C. Clark,  Means Vs. Anti-Means; or the Trial of the Baptist Church Case in the Rush Circuit Court, 2nd corrected edition, Rushville, Ind., published 1895, page 75:If you had a horse or a small article of property taken, you would recover it by law; not for the value of the article itself, but if you give an aggressor an inch, he will take a mile.
1865,  H. Clay Graham,  Hialmer's Recollections of the Great Rebellion, Containing Sketches of a Campaign in Virginia, Kentucky and Tennessee, […], Indianapolis, IN: H. C. Chandler, page 77:Show them that those who have defended the nation with the sword can control it by the ballot-box. Give no cowardly scamp an inch, or he will take a mile.
1869 February,  “The Family Circle: The Love of the Beautiful”, in I. W. Wiley, editor, The Ladies' Repository: A Monthly Periodical, Devoted to Literature and Religion (new series; volume 3), volume 29, Cincinnati, OH: Hitchcock & Walden, page 153:Buy for them beautiful pictures, and encourage them to decorate their rooms each in his or her own childish way. Give them an inch and they will take a mile. Allow them the privilege and they will make your home beautiful.
1870 March,  “Editor's Table”, in  The Yale Literary Magazine, volume 35, number 5, page 248:Undertake to make men of students by giving full immunities, and lawlessness, or perhaps we should say carelessness and indifference, results. "Give them an inch and they will take a mile," is the maxim that illustrates their course.
1881,  Charles H. Spurgeon,  John Ploughman's Pictures; or, More of His Plain Talk for Plain People, Springfield, OH: Farm and Fireside, page 64:Don't let us tempt the devil to tempt us. If we give Satan an inch, he will take a mile.
1899 March,  Onoto Watanna,  “His Japanese Teacher”, in  The Puritan, volume 5, number 2, page 212:If Kirishima-san had known the proverb about giving some people an inch and they take a mile, she would have applied it to Jack. The moment she showed the least sign of relenting from the stiff, almost solemn attitude she usually assumed when trying to teach him, and gave him the smallest word of approbation, he immediately took advantage of it.
1902,  Charles H. Fowler,  Historical Romance of the American Negro, Baltimore: Thomas & Evans, page 222:The North therefore felt herself often obliged to give way, which encouraged the South to take a mile the next time when we gave her an ell.(Combining elements of both new and old forms of the proverb.)
1904 January,  A. D. Clark,  “Correspondence”, in  The Bridgemen's Magazine, volume 3, number 6, page 30:Let them know that even should they get the best of you now, that you will still be men and demand your rights as such. Never give an inch. If you do, the employer will take a mile.(Having the proverb split between sentences.)
1911,  A. B. Snider,  The Lone Traveler, Portland, OR, page 122:His language was not clear, but his intent was. To yield to his demands meant that he would take what money I had and perhaps do more mischief; give him an inch and he will take a mile.
1920 September,  Harold E. Briggs,  “Looking at the R. O. T. C.”, in  Journal of the United States Artillery, volume 53, number 3, Fort Monroe, VA, page 250:The easy-going officers are perhaps our worst enemies. We all like them at the schools, and we all take a mile when they give us a foot.(With the two clauses reversed from the usual form.)
1945 August,  A. J. Altmeyer,  “The First Decade in Social Security”, in  Social Security Bulletin, volume 8, number 8, page 6:Hardly is a law on the statute books before someone proposes some way to improve it. People who distrust social security anyway are likely to complain about the entering wedge or to say, give an inch and they take a mile.
1948 April 8,  Thomas E. Dewey,  “America's No. 1 Problem—World Peace”, in  Public Papers of Thomas E. Dewey Fifty-First Governor of the State of New York, State of New York, published 1948, (address at Dewey for President rally held in the University of Nebraska Coliseum, Lincoln, Nebraska), page 587:Give the aggressor an inch and he'll take a mile. Give him a country and he'll ask for a continent. Ten years ago, there were those who hoped to buy “peace in our time” from Hitler; Henry Wallace by the same course would have us today try to buy “peace in our time” from Stalin.
1974,  “Taylor v. Hayes, Judge”, in  United States Reports, volume 418, page 502:Early in the trial respondent cautioned petitioner against “putting on a show” and added that “if you give him an inch, he'll take a mile. I might as well sit on him now.”
1982 June 9,  Scott Fennell,  “Petroleum Incentives Program Act”, in  House of Commons Debates, Official Report, First Session–Thirty-Second Parliament, 31 Elizabeth II, volume 16, Queen's Printer for Canada, page 18299, column 1:However, now that you have given me the broad scope I will take advantage of it. When you give me an inch, I will take a mile!
<ENDS HERE>give them an inch and they'll take an ell
Dated form of give them an inch and they'll take a mile.
<ENDS HERE>given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow
(idiomatic, software) Given a large enough beta tester and codeveloper base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix will be obvious to someone.
Synonyms[edit]
Linus' Law (the phrase is directly associated with this law)
<ENDS HERE>or go home - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XetlQgpAAEQAAGSqwXYAAADX","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"go_hard_or_go_home","wgTitle":"go hard or go home","wgCurRevisionId":51694828,"wgRevisionId":51694828,"wgArticleId":5083216,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English verbs","en:Sports","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":"go_hard_or_go_home","wgRelevantArticleId":5083216,
"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","mediawiki.toc.styles":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready",
"ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.toc","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
go hard or go home
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Contents
1 English
1.1 Verb
1.1.1 Synonyms
1.1.2 See also
English[edit]
Verb[edit]
go hard or go home
(often imperative, usually sports) To face a challenge by making a bold, superior effort, lest one give up and forgo the opportunity.
2009 Sept. 10, Larry Dorman, "Golf: Players Competing With a Sense of Urgency," New York Times (retrieved 17 Nov 2015):
"Probably top five I would have to do, I’m guessing, to get into the Tour Championship. So it’s either that or a couple weeks off. Go hard or go home."
2013 Aug. 19, Catriona Menzies-Pike, "Does being a fitness fanatic make you a good politician?," Guardian (UK) (retrieved 17 Nov 2015):
He strikes me as more of a go hard or go home athlete, an impression reinforced by reports of aggressive and competitive behaviour.
2014 Oct. 3, Jordan Heath-Rawlings, "Unlikely Predictions: Eastern Conference," sportsnet.ca (Canada) (retrieved 17 Nov 2015):
Those kind of predictions are for the weak. We believe in going hard or going home. So these are real predictions—not probabilities.
2015 January, Edward Jones, "Fundraising efforts had us bouncing off the wall", The University Paper: Newcastle Edition (UK), p. 39 (retrieved 17 Nov 2015):
Members of the Newcastle University trampolining team went hard or went home when they took part in a 24-hour sponsored bounceathon.
Synonyms[edit]
do or die
fish or cut bait
put up or shut up
rise to the occasion
See also[edit]
go big or go home
<ENDS HERE>God helps them that help themselves
Alternative form of God helps those who help themselves
<ENDS HERE>God helps them who help themselves
Alternative form of God helps those who help themselves
<ENDS HERE>God helps those who help themselves
Good fortune or providential aid comes to those who make an effort to accomplish things.
<ENDS HERE>God is in the detail
(idiomatic) Expresses the idea that whatever one does should be done thoroughly; i.e. details are important.
See also[edit]
devil is in the details
<ENDS HERE>God works in mysterious ways
Expressing confidence that a conundrum has a solution despite it not being apparent.
Commenting that a seemingly unfortunate or unfavourable situation or change may be beneficial later or in the long run.
Person A: It seems that I'm about to be fired from my job.
Person B: Well, God works in mysterious ways — maybe it'll be the kick you need to apply to university...
Usage notes[edit]
As a figure of speech, it does not necessarily denote the religious views of the speaker. Moreover, it is not seldom used sarcastically.
Synonyms[edit]
(a situation may be beneficial later): every cloud has a silver lining, blessing in disguise
<ENDS HERE>good fences make good neighbors
It is better to mind one's own business than get involved with other people's affairs.
<ENDS HERE>good fences make good neighbours
British spelling standard form of good fences make good neighbors.
<ENDS HERE>good things come to those who wait
A patient seeker will be satisfied in due time; patience is a virtue.
Synonyms[edit]
all things come to those who wait
all things in time
a penny saved is a penny earned
April showers bring May flowers
a watched pot never boils
good things are worth waiting for
patience is a virtue
to everything there is a season
<ENDS HERE>good wine needs no bush
Something good does not need to be advertised.
<ENDS HERE>grasp all, lose all
One who wants everything may lose it all.
<ENDS HERE>great haste makes great waste
Doing things too quickly results in mistakes.
Synonyms[edit]
look before you leap
Related terms[edit]
haste makes waste
<ENDS HERE>great minds
Ellipsis of great minds think alike
See also[edit]
Appendix:English examples of anapodoton
<ENDS HERE>great minds think alike (fools seldom differ)
Used to emphasize a coincidence, or two people reaching the same conclusion in any manner at the same time.
Person A: He looks a bit like David Beckham...
Person B: I was just thinking that!
Person A: Great minds think alike, eh?
Person C: More like fools seldom differ in this case...
Usage notes[edit]
The "Fools seldom differ" part is found in British English only.
<ENDS HERE>great oaks from little acorns grow
Alternative form of mighty oaks from little acorns grow
<ENDS HERE>half a loaf is better than no bread
Alternative form of half a loaf is better than none
<ENDS HERE>half a loaf is better than no loaf
Alternative form of half a loaf is better than none
<ENDS HERE>half a loaf is better than none
Possession or attainment of a partial object, achievement, result, etc is preferable to having no object, achievement, or result at all.
1912,  Fergus Hume,  chapter 1, in  A Son of Perdition:"I have the beginnings of genius," he finally decided, "that is, I can see for myself, but I cannot pass the vision on to others by production."
"Half a loaf is better than none," said Miss Enistor soothingly.
1914,  Peter B. Kyne,  chapter 16, in  The Long Chance:"I'm a business man, and I tell you before you're half through with this fight, you'll come to the conclusion that half a loaf is better than none at all—particularly in the matter of extra large loaves. You'll come to me and compromise."
1983 Feb. 10, Francis X. Clines, "Reagan's wish is no minimum wage for youths," New York Times (retrieved 6 March 2014):
"There are some people," he said, "who would have you so stand on principle that if you don't get all that you've asked for from the legislature, why you jump off the cliff with the flag flying." Mr. Reagan said that "a half a loaf is better than none" and that unyielding critics had "misread" his tactics.
2010 June 17, Michael Scherer, "The President's Spill Speech: The Target Audiences," Time (retrieved 6 March 2014):
Audience: Green groups
Obama's Pitch: Sometimes half a loaf is better than no loaf at all.
<ENDS HERE>handsome is as handsome does
A person's good actions, rather than outward appeal, define his or her handsomeness in the eyes of others.
1869, Dickens, David Copperfield, chapter 1
Miss Trotwood, or Miss Betsey, as my poor mother always called her, when she sufficiently overcame her dread of this formidable personage to mention her at all (which was seldom), had been married to a husband younger than herself, who was very handsome, except in the sense of the homely adage, ‘handsome is, that handsome does’ - for he was strongly suspected of having beaten Miss Betsey, and even of having once, on a disputed question of supplies, made some hasty but determined arrangements to throw her out of a two pair of stairs’ window.
See also[edit]
stupid is as stupid does
<ENDS HERE>handsome is that handsome does
Alternative form of handsome is as handsome does
<ENDS HERE>haste makes waste
Being too hasty leads to wasteful mistakes.
Synonyms[edit]
look before you leap
Related terms[edit]
great haste makes great waste
<ENDS HERE>haters gonna hate
(slang) Critics' opinions ultimately do not affect you and are unlikely to change, so ignore them.
2000, 3LW, "Playas Gon' Play", 3LW:
Playas gonna play / Haters gonna hate / That's the way it is / That's just how it's been
2012, Eric Grzymkowski, A Year of Living Sinfully: A Self-Serving Guide to Doing Whatever the Hell You Want, Adams Media (2012), →ISBN, unnumbered page:
If anyone asks why you're wearing a bathrobe in public, just roll your eyes and keep on strutting. Haters gonna hate.
2012, Vanessa Wieland, "Amanda Palmer: On the Art of Songwriting, Staying Busy, & Being Honest", in 2012 Songwriter's Market (ed. Adria Haley), Writer's Digest Books (2012), →ISBN, page 85:
[Amanda Palmer:] I think the key is to NOT defend yourself too much. Haters gonna hate, especially in the age of the Internet, where everyone can hide behind their walls and masks while spewing venom, truisms, and righteousness.
For more examples of usage of this term, see Citations:haters gonna hate.
<ENDS HERE>he that mischief hatches, mischief catches
People who behave wickedly receive their just deserts.
<ENDS HERE>he who digs a pit for others, falls in himself
Someone that plans harm or misfortune for others may also inadvertently be the recipient of that same misfortune.
Synonyms[edit]
the biter is sometimes bitten
<ENDS HERE>he who laughs last laughs best
Success is enjoyed more after having previously endured ridicule.
Related terms[edit]
have the last laugh
<ENDS HERE>he who laughs last laughs hardest
Alternative form of he who laughs last laughs best
<ENDS HERE>he who pays the piper calls the tune
Alternative form of who pays the piper calls the tune
<ENDS HERE>he who smelt it dealt it
(colloquial, originally) A person who calls attention to or complains about a fart is likely trying to pretend it wasn't his or her own.
(colloquial, by extension) Used to suggest that a person calling attention to or complaining about a given problem may in fact be the source of the problem.
Usage notes[edit]
Non-rhyming variants with smelled rather than smelt are almost completely unattested, even in forms of English that otherwise prefer smelled.
<ENDS HERE>he who sups with the devil should have a long spoon
One must be careful when dealing with bad people.
January 17, 2017 CommunityNews Australia
Labor should beware, though, of aligning itself with the dreadlocks and thumb-locks brigade – he who sups with the devil should have a long spoon.
<ENDS HERE>heaven helps those that help themselves
Alternative form of heaven helps those who help themselves
<ENDS HERE>heaven helps those who help themselves
A maxim encouraging people to attempt to solve their own problems.
<ENDS HERE>hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
A woman will make someone suffer if they reject her.
Women can be particularly furious and emotional when angry.
<ENDS HERE>here today, gone tomorrow
Things are fleeting; something that is ubiquitous or popular at one point is soon forgotten.
Related terms[edit]
easy come, easy go
See also[edit]
blink-and-you-miss-it
<ENDS HERE>hic Rhodus, hic salta
(politics) Prove what you can do, here and now.
1820, Hegel, “Philosophy of Right”, Preface, from SW Dyde 1896 translation
As a philosophic writing, it must be on its guard against constructing a state as it ought to be. Philosophy cannot teach the state what it should be, but only how it, the ethical universe, is to be known. Idou Podos, idou kai to pidima / Hic Rhodus, hic saltus.
1852, Karl Marx, “The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte”, Chapter 1, from Saul K Padover English translation, published 1937
On the other hand, proletarian revolutions, like those of the nineteenth century, constantly criticize themselves, constantly interrupt themselves in their own course, return to the apparently accomplished, in order to begin anew; they deride with cruel thoroughness the half-measures, weaknesses, and paltriness of their first attempts, seem to throw down their opponents only so the latter may draw new strength from the earth and rise before them again more gigantic than ever, recoil constantly from the indefinite colossalness of their own goals – until a situation is created which makes all turning back impossible, and the conditions themselves call out:  Hic Rhodus, hic salta!
<ENDS HERE>hindsight is 20/20
(idiomatic) In hindsight things are obvious that were not obvious from the outset; one is able to evaluate past choices more clearly than at the time of the choice.
Another common error dealing with memory is that of "hindsight bias." This is the tendency to exaggerate what could have been anticipated in the past. This is also known as "Monday morning quarter backing" or "hindsight is 20/20" where the "right" decision as to what should have been done appears to be more obvious now than it was in the past. Facing Reality: An Introduction to Philosophy Revised Edition, PhD Joseph Grcic
Related terms[edit]
twenty-twenty hindsight
See also[edit]
Monday-morning quarterback
wise after the event
<ENDS HERE>history repeats itself
Things that have happened in the past will happen again.
<ENDS HERE>home is where the heart is
One's true home is where one feels happiest.
1868, "Home", The Ladies' Repository, vol 28, p. 107 (Google books):
That which is to make home desirable does not abide in the parlor, the cellar, or the garret; it does not grow with the flowers of the garden, nor with the grass of the meadow, but is fitly expressed in the quaint old adage, "Home is where the heart is."
<ENDS HERE>home is where you hang your hat
Rather than feeling nostalgic or sentimental, one should simply accept any place where one happens to reside as one's home.
1948, Ruth L. Yorck, "D.P.—Short for Sorry," Twice a Year: A Semi-annual Journal of Literature, the Arts, and Civil Liberties, 10th anniversary issue, p. 163:
One place is like the other let's say
Home is where you hang your hat.
2007, Leisha Chen-Young, "Sandals' Armando Pizzuti is . . . Never Satisfied," Jamaica Observer, 27 May (retrieved 4 Jan. 2009):
"Did I ever think that Jamaica would be my home? Never," he says, "but I have been living as a foreigner in someone else's country for most of my life," he says, "and I guess it is true that home is where you hang your hat."
<ENDS HERE>honesty is the best policy
Honesty is the most honorable and fulfilling way to live one's life.
<ENDS HERE>honey catches more flies than vinegar
Synonym of you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar
<ENDS HERE>hope springs eternal
The feeling of hopefulness endlessly renews itself.
Synonym: while there's life, there's hope
1733,  [Alexander Pope],  An Essay on Man. […], epistle I, London: Printed for J[ohn] Wilford, […], OCLC 960856019, lines 91–92, page 7:Hope ſprings eternal in the human breaſt; / Man never is, but always to be bleſt.
1864 May – 1865 November​,  Charles Dickens,  “Scouts Out”, in  Our Mutual Friend. [...] In Two Volumes, volume II, London: Chapman and Hall, […], published 1865, OCLC 1016551263, book the third (A Long Lane), page 95:Night after night his disappointment is acute, but hope springs eternal in the scholastic breast, and he follows me again to-morrow.
1915,  Elinor Glyn,  “The Gospel of Common Sense”, in  Three Things:But, as hope springs eternal in the human breast, he still goes from doctor to doctor for fresh advice.
2003 April 23,  Leon Jaroff,  “Hold that Tiger”, in  Time‎[1]:But hope springs eternal in diehard Tiger fans, and Peter is convinced that someday, somehow, he and his son will see Detroit clinch a championship.
Coordinate terms[edit]
never say die
tomorrow is another day
<ENDS HERE>hope springs eternal in the human breast
Alternative form of hope springs eternal
<ENDS HERE>hunger is a good sauce
(dated) Being hungry makes one less concerned about the taste of one's food.
1854, Mark Lemon, Henry Mayhew, Tom Taylor, Shirley Brooks, Francis Cowley Burnand, Owen Seaman, Punch, Vol. XXVI, Punch Publications Ltd., page 74:
His bread and cheese were somewhat dry, to be sure; his ale had become flat, and considerably warmer than was desirable; but hunger is a good sauce, and thirst is not particular.
Synonyms[edit]
hunger is the best sauce
<ENDS HERE>hunger is the best sauce
Being hungry makes one less concerned about the taste of one's food.
Synonyms[edit]
hunger is a good sauce
hunger is the best spice
Derived terms[edit]
hunger sauce
See also[edit]
absence makes the heart grow fonder
<ENDS HERE>hunger is the best spice
When one is hungry, anything will taste good.
Alternative forms[edit]
hunger is the best sauce
hunger is the best pickle
hunger is the best seasoning
<ENDS HERE>re the ducks are - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XetlYApAIC4AABKkHiEAAAAM","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"hunt_where_the_ducks_are","wgTitle":"hunt where the ducks are","wgCurRevisionId":55917312,"wgRevisionId":55917312,"wgArticleId":4065738,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English terms with audio links","English lemmas","English verbs","English idioms","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":
"hunt_where_the_ducks_are","wgRelevantArticleId":4065738,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","ext.tmh.thumbnail.styles":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","mediawiki.toc.styles":"ready",
"ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["mw.MediaWikiPlayer.loader","mw.PopUpMediaTransform","mw.TMHGalleryHook.js","site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.toc","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","mmv.head","mmv.bootstrap.autostart","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks",
"ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
hunt where the ducks are
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Contents
1 English
1.1 Alternative forms
1.2 Pronunciation
1.3 Verb
1.3.1 Usage notes
English[edit]
Alternative forms[edit]
go hunting where the ducks are
Pronunciation[edit]
.mw-parser-output .k-player .k-attribution{visibility:hidden}Audio (AU)(file)
Verb[edit]
hunt where the ducks are (third-person singular simple present hunts where the ducks are, present participle hunting where the ducks are, simple past and past participle hunted where the ducks are)
(idiomatic) To seek opportunities or results in situations or places where they are most likely to be found.
2006 July 24, Paul Krugman, "Like Oil and Vinegar," New York Times (retrieved 18 June 2013):
I wish you had pushed your history back a few years, to Barry Goldwater’s remark following his defeat in ’64 that his fellow Republicans should hunt where the ducks are — by which he meant, look for votes among southern whites who were Democrats, but who were unhappy that the Democratic party had embraced the civil rights movement.
2009 Feb. 18, Don Martin, "Ignatieff woos West in curious strategy," Calgary Herald (Canada) (retrieved 18 June 2013):
[I]t's a curious strategy for a Liberal leader to focus on the West when, to paraphrase former premier Ralph Klein, he would be better off hunting where the ducks are. There's got to be stronger growth potential from hard-selling the brand in Ontario.
2011 Jan. 27, Todd Wallack, "Patrick sees tax collection as pivotal," boston.com (retrieved 18 June 2013):
[T]he governor is requesting funds . . . to boost tax collections and examinations of tax returns, particularly those filed by major corporations operating in multiple states. . . . "You hunt where the ducks are," said Robert Bliss, Department of Revenue spokesman.
Usage notes[edit]
In the imperative form this verb is used as a proverb.
<ENDS HERE>hydrate or diedrate
(slang, humorous, rare) Stay hydrated, or else you will have to suffer the consequences.
<ENDS HERE>IAR
(initialism) Ignore all rules.
Anagrams[edit]
'air, ARI, Ari, IRA, Ira, RIA, Rai, air, rai, raï, ria
<ENDS HERE>Idle hands are the devil's playthings.
Alternative form of Idle hands are the devil's workshop
<ENDS HERE>Idle hands are the Devil's playthings.
Alternative form of Idle hands are the devil's workshop.
<ENDS HERE>Idle hands are the devil's tools
Alternative form of Idle hands are the devil's workshop
<ENDS HERE>Idle hands are the Devil's tools.
Alternative form of Idle hands are the devil's workshop.
<ENDS HERE>idle hands are the devil's workshop
One who is idle will likely come to do evil.
<ENDS HERE>Idle hands are the Devil's workshop.
Alternative spelling of Idle hands are the devil's workshop.
<ENDS HERE>if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail
With limited tools, single-minded people apply them inappropriately or indiscriminately
If a person is familiar with a certain, single subject, or has with them a certain, single instrument, they may have a confirmation bias to believe that it is the answer to/involved in everything.
See also[edit]
there's more than one way to skin a cat
<ENDS HERE>if at first you don't succeed
Persistence is important in the pursuit of success.
<ENDS HERE>if at first you don't succeed, try try again
indicates the importance of persistence in the pursuit of success.
Synonyms[edit]
if at first you don't succeed (ellipsis)
<ENDS HERE>if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it
Leave something alone; avoid attempting to correct, fix, or improve what is already sufficient (often with an implication that the attempted improvement is risky and might backfire).
I know it’s an ugly-looking antenna, but you know what they say: If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.
Synonyms[edit]
leave well enough alone
never change a running system
Coordinate terms[edit]
don’t change a winning team
don’t change horses in midstream
<ENDS HERE>if it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck
Someone can identify a subject by observing its habitual characteristics.
Alternative forms[edit]
if it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it's probably a duck
See also[edit]
duck test
<ENDS HERE>if my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle
(colloquial, vulgar, humorous) It is fruitless to speculate about counterfactual situations.
"We would have won the match if we'd had a decent goalkeeper.""And if my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle!"
Synonyms[edit]
if pigs had wings they would fly
<ENDS HERE>if my grandmother had balls, she'd be my granddad
Alternative form of if my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle
<ENDS HERE>if my sister had balls, she'd be my brother
Alternative form of if my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle
<ENDS HERE>if my uncle had tits, he'd be my aunt
Alternative form of if my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle
<ENDS HERE>if pigs had wings they would fly
(colloquial) Expresses skepticism toward a hypothetical argument by another.
Usage notes[edit]
Often used shortened form: "if pigs had wings" or with variant second clauses, especially "they could fly".
See also[edit]
if pigs had wings
if wishes were horses, beggars would ride
when pigs have wings
<ENDS HERE>if the mountain won't come to Muhammad
If one cannot get one's own way, one must bow to the inevitable.
<ENDS HERE>if the mountain won't come to Muhammad, then Muhammad must go to the mountain
Alternative form of if the mountain won't come to Muhammad
<ENDS HERE>if there's grass on the field, play ball
Alternative form of if there's grass on the pitch, play ball
<ENDS HERE>if there's grass on the pitch, play ball
(vulgar, potentially  offensive) Once someone has grown pubic hair or started puberty, they are old enough for sexual intercourse.
<ENDS HERE>if we had ham we could have ham and eggs, if we had eggs
Draws attention to the futility of a plan or strategy in the absence of the resources necessary for it to work.
1997,  United States Congress Senate Committee on the Judiciary,  Encryption, Key Recovery, and Privacy Protection in the Information Age, →ISBN, page 110:The situation reminds me of the statement that "if we had ham, we could have ham and eggs — if we had eggs" — but in a world in which there are no hens. In theory, truly secure systems are impossible.
2005,  Russ Hall,  No Murder Before Its Time, →ISBN, page 117:"And if we had ham, we could have ham and eggs, if we had eggs," Esbeth grumped.
2006,  Tracey J. Kinney,  Conflict and Cooperation: Documents on Modern Global History:This is the, 'If we had ham, we could have ham and eggs, if we had eggs' philosophy. . . . Delivering our cash to dictatorial and silly governments was bad, but even worse was delivering our big ideas about centralization, economic planning, and social justice to a country that had 120 university graduates at the time of independence.
2015,  P.J. O'Rourke,  Thrown Under the Omnibus, →ISBN:This is the "if we had ham, we could have ham and eggs, if we had eggs" philosophy. Or as Nzezele put it as I was leaving Dar after having given him a large and not very well-earned tip, "When you get back to America, if you find that you have any extra money, could you send me a wristwatch?"
<ENDS HERE>if we had some ham we could have some ham and eggs, if we had some eggs
Alternative form of if we had ham we could have ham and eggs, if we had eggs
1992,  Ernest Sternberg,  Photonic Technology and Industrial Policy, →ISBN, page 195:In some minds, optical computing was "wishful thinking on the order of: if we had some ham we could have some ham and eggs—if we had some eggs."
1999,  David G. Hogan,  Selling 'em by the Sack: White Castle and the Creation of American Food, →ISBN:Despite the closures of Castles, the drop in profits, and the trend of overall decline, Billy Ingram joked in the General Letter of April, "If we had some ham we could have some ham and eggs if we had some eggs. If we had enough help we could do a good business if we had something to sell."
2009,  Catherine Miles Grant, ‎Valerie L. Mills, ‎Mary Bouck, & Ellen Davidson,  Secondary Lenses on Learning Participant Book, →ISBN, page 323:At this point, one is reminded of the saying, "If we had some ham, we could have some ham and eggs— if we had some eggs." It does little good to know what quality professional development might look like if schools and school systems are incapable of supporting it.
<ENDS HERE>if wishes were horses, beggars would ride
A response to someone wishing for something, conveying that merely wishing for something has no effect or is of no use.
See also[edit]
if my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle
<ENDS HERE>if you can't beat them, join them
If your adversaries are stronger than you, it is better to join their side.
<ENDS HERE>if you can't do the time, don't do the crime
One should not carry out an action if they are unwilling to handle the consequences.
See also[edit]
crime doesn't pay
<ENDS HERE>if you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen
If you cannot handle the pressure, you should not remain in a position where you have to deal with it.
<ENDS HERE>if you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging
When one discovers that one has made a mistake, the best course of action is to stop.
Synonyms[edit]
when you are in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging
when you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging
<ENDS HERE>if you fly with the crows, you get shot with the crows
Somebody who spends time with undesirable people will be regarded as one of them.
See also[edit]
a man is known by the company he keeps
if you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas
who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl
<ENDS HERE>if you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas
Spending time with undesirable people will cause one to take on their undesirable traits.
<ENDS HERE>if you lie with dogs you will get fleas
Alternative form of if you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas
<ENDS HERE>if you mess with the bull, you get the horns
Synonym of when you mess with the bull, you get the horns
<ENDS HERE>if you pay bananas, you get monkeys
Alternative form of if you pay peanuts, you get monkeys
<ENDS HERE>if you pay peanuts, you get monkeys
(colloquial) Offering a low salary will not attract skilled employees.
See also[edit]
you get what you pay for
<ENDS HERE>if you torture the data long enough, it will confess to anything
Statistics can be manipulated to support any conclusion.
<ENDS HERE>if you want a thing done well, do it yourself
It is better to do something oneself than to rely on others to do it well.
<ENDS HERE>ignorance is bliss
Lack of knowledge results in happiness; it is more comfortable not to know certain things.
<ENDS HERE>ignore all rules
(chiefly Wiktionary and WMF jargon) It is acceptable to break rules in situations where it is beneficial not to follow them.
Synonyms[edit]
IAR (initialism)
<ENDS HERE>ill news spreads apace
(archaic) Bad news circulates quickly because people like to gossip.
1812,  The Scouge; or Monthly Expositor of Imposture and Folly, Vol IV, page 135:Aware of the too great proneness of his countrymen to ideas of despondency, knowing that ill news spreads apace, and that in an overgrown metropolis few have the opportunity of ocular demonstration of the state of the country's agriculture, this insidious letter has been written, that it might become the subject of conversation, and thus glide unawares into the ears of those who are inclined to view things on the gloomy side— If it only raise doubt, much of the writer's or his abettor's views are answered; but where it is received as fast, and thus propagated to others, every purpose he intended is fulfilled.
1908,  Norman Innes,  My lady's kiss: a romance, page 127:Ill news spreads apace, nor was it long before the tale reached Ertha von Reuth.
1915,  Townsend Walsh,  The Career of Dion Boucicault, page 146:Ill news spreads apace, and I found, on returning to the stage, Miss Foote and Mrs. Edmund Phelps crying bitterly, and waiting to descend with their condolences on the poor mother when she came out of her dressing-room; but I bundled both the ladies out of the theatre, for which, of course, I was put down as an unsympathetic brute!
Synonyms[edit]
bad news travels fast
<ENDS HERE>in for a dime, in for a dollar
Americanised form of in for a penny, in for a pound.
1983, Allen Drury, Decision, p. 356:
In for a dime, in for a dollar, he thought crazily, and said what he had to say in a voice he forced to stay level and calm.
1998, Ellen Miller, Like Being Killed, p. 47:
In for a dime, in for a dollar. I whispered to Gerry, “Count me in”. Heroin was unromantic, neither sacred nor satanic; it was simply inevitable.
1999, David A. Gauntlett, Insurance Coverage for Intellectual Property Assets, p. CCXCI:
This obligation flows from the principle recognized in virtually all jurisdictions that when the policyholder is required to defend any one claim, all elements of the case must be defended (i.e., “in for a dime, in for a dollar”).
2003, Leo Kolber, Leo: a life, p. 183:
I had bought some of Cemp’s MGM stock for myself. “Listen”, I told Edgar, “in for a dime, in for a dollar”. There was no point in selling at $8. If we were going to lose we might as well lose the whole thing.
Synonyms[edit]
in for an inch, in for a mile
Related terms[edit]
Similar phrases using elliptical causation ("if/then"):
another day, another dollar
fall seven times, stand up eight
finders, keepers
first come, first served
in for an inch, in for a mile
in for a penny, in for a pound
laugh before breakfast, cry before supper
least said, soonest mended
mo' money, mo' problems
no body, no crime
no cross, no crown
no fears, no tears
no guts, no glory
no harm, no foul
no hero, no villain
no losers, no winners
no pain, no gain
nothing ventured, nothing gained
once bitten, twice shy
out of sight, out of mind
waste not, want not
See also[edit]
one may as well be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb
<ENDS HERE>in for a penny, in for a pound
Having started something, one must see it through to its end, rather than stopping short; one must “go the whole hog”.
1964, J. F. Holleman, Experiment in Swaziland: report of the Swaziland sample survey, 1960, p. 9:
Under the circumstances it seemed to be a case of ‘in for a penny, in for a pound’. If the Institute’s team were still prepared to accept the challenge, the Administration was willing to do likewise…
1964, Sanki Ichikawa, The Kenkyusha Dictionary of Current English Idioms, p. 509:
…in for a penny, in for a pound: if one undertakes something, it must be carried through at whatever cost.
2001, B. J. James, A Lady for Lincoln Cade, p. 159:
Turning before the mirror, she studied the gown she’d spent much of her savings on in Belle Terre. “Okay, but not great. In for a penny, in for a pound. Soon I have to get a job.”
2002, Kathryn Wall, In for a Penny: A Bay Tanner Mystery, p. 123:
I rummaged in my bag for Miss Addie’s keys, turned off the car, and marched purposefully toward the building.
“‘In for a penny, in for a pound’”, I mumbled under my breath as I pushed open the door and headed for the elevator.
2004, M. Mihkel Mathiesen, Global Warming in a Politically Correct Climate: How Truth Became Controversial, p. 133:
It appears to be a situation where the greenhouse proponents are in for a penny, in for a pound. As long as the myth needs to be kept alive, this is the inescapable conclusion.
Synonyms[edit]
in for a dime, in for a dollar
in for an inch, in for a mile
Related terms[edit]
Similar phrases using elliptical causation ("if/then"):
another day, another dollar
fall seven times, stand up eight
finders, keepers
first come, first served
in for a dime, in for a dollar
in for a lamb, in for a sheep
in for an inch, in for a mile
laugh before breakfast, cry before supper
least said, soonest mended
mo' money, mo' problems
no body, no crime
no cross, no crown
no fears, no tears
no guts, no glory
no harm, no foul
no hero, no villain
no losers, no winners
no pain, no gain
nothing ventured, nothing gained
once bitten, twice shy
out of sight, out of mind
waste not, want not
<ENDS HERE>in for an inch, in for a mile
(chiefly US) Given that one is partly involved in or committed to a project, action, position, etc., there is no reason to refrain from becoming fully involved or fully committed.
2005, Bill Burt and William D. Burt, The Downs, →ISBN, p. 29:
Afterwards, she took him farther south. His uneasiness grew with every step. . . . "In for an inch, in for a mile," he muttered.
2007, Maggie Petsch, "American oystercatcher shots are memorable," Daily News (Galveston, Texas), 31 Dec (retrieved 16 July 2009):
I soon found the water lapping at my toes so I figured, “in for an inch, in for a mile” and continued on in after the oystercatcher.
Synonyms[edit]
in for a dime, in for a dollar
in for a penny, in for a pound
Related terms[edit]
Similar phrases using elliptical causation ("if/then"):
another day, another dollar
fall seven times, stand up eight
finders, keepers
first come, first served
in for a dime, in for a dollar
in for a penny, in for a pound
laugh before breakfast, cry before supper
least said, soonest mended
mo' money, mo' problems
no body, no crime
no cross, no crown
no fears, no tears
no guts, no glory
no harm, no foul
no hero, no villain
no losers, no winners
no pain, no gain
nothing ventured, nothing gained
once bitten, twice shy
out of sight, out of mind
waste not, want not
<ENDS HERE>in the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king
Alternative form of in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king
<ENDS HERE>in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king
Even someone with limited abilities or opportunities is dominant over, and considered special by, those who have even fewer abilities and opportunities; the value of any ability depends on its commonness.
<ENDS HERE>in the valley of the blind, the one-eyed man is king
Alternative form of in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king
<ENDS HERE>in unity, there is strength
More can be accomplished by a team with a common goal than by individuals.
See also[edit]
many hands make light work
unity is strength
<ENDS HERE>in vino veritas
in wine, there is truth
Related terms[edit]
in wine, there is truth
<ENDS HERE>in wine, there is truth
Things said under the influence of alcohol reveal true beliefs not expressed when sober.
1823,  Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine - Volume 14, page 321:It is a saying, that “wine inspires wit;' and that in wine “there is truth.” These sayings are the apologies of drinkers.
1998 December,  Ron Loutherback,  “Beyond the Label”, in  Orange Coast Magazine, page 174:In wine there is truth. People who love wine and have a lot of it still like to get a great wine as a present.
2003,  Kanaan,  Delicate Torture: (Living Poetically), →ISBN, page 79:In wine there is truth, or so they say, and this just may be the way to heaven, then again we began this time just fine, with a bottle of red wine, parked on an incline just you and I, not far from my safe haven, inhabited by ravens sex laden, with a maiden which is you,
2011,  Donald L. Anderson,  Cases and Exercises in Organization Development & Change, →ISBN, page 35:“My grandfather never understood the point of a mission statement. But whenever anybody asked him about making wine, he always said this,” and Mr. Main pointed at a sign that read: In wine, there is truth. In good wine, there is hard work.
2014,  Christopher Priest,  The Space Machine, →ISBN:In wine there is truth, and although I was able to contain my excesses, and fell short of protesting my undying amour, our conversation had touched on most remarkably personal matters.
Usage notes[edit]
Used to refer to the effect of alcohol on reducing inhibitions, allowing someone to say what they truly think.
Secondarily, used to suggest that one's perceptions and emotions when drunk are more real than when sober.
Related terms[edit]
in vino veritas
<ENDS HERE>it ain't over 'til the fat lady sings
There are more developments yet to come; one should not presume to know the outcome of an event which is still in progress.
Synonym: it ain't over till it's over
<ENDS HERE>it ain't over till the fat lady sings
Alternative spelling of it ain't over 'til the fat lady sings
<ENDS HERE>it ain't the meat, it's the motion
When it comes to sexual satisfaction, penis size doesn't matter, but technique does.
1951,  Lois Mann & Henry Glover,  It Ain't the Meat (It's the Motion):It ain't the meat it's the motion/That makes your daddy want to rock/It ain't the meat it's the motion/It's the movement it ain't the stock.
1999,  Anonymous Too,  Monica Lewinsky's Guide to Dating, →ISBN, page 63:We girls know the truth in that old song “It Ain't the Meat, It's the Motion,” but no matter how confident a man is, he secretly believes that the motion just isn't enough.
2006,  Mo Foster,  A blues for Shindig, page 53:'What that they say, girl: it ain't the meat it's the motion?' 'They lie.' And I go and kiss his cock as it rests half soft on his thigh.
(more generally) The tools you use to accomplish a goal are not as important as what you do with them.
1985,  Sonic Options Network,  Option, page 15:When the engineer was asked by other clients, "Can you make the drums sound like Bonham?," he simply smiled and said, "Sure! Just play like 'im!" So lesson number one is that it ain't the meat, it's the motion, to paraphrase the old blues tune.
2008,  Douglas R. Hofstadter,  I Am a Strange Loop, →ISBN, page 195:By focusing on the medium rather than the message, the pottery rather than the pattern, the typeface rather than the tale, philosophers who claim that something ineffable about carbon's chemistry is indispensable for consciousness miss the boat. As Daniel Dennett once wittily remarked in a rejoinder to John Searle's tiresome "right-stuff" refrain, "It ain't the meat, it's the motion."
2009,  Derek Pell,  Shoot to Thrill: A Hard-Boiled Guide to Digital Photography, →ISBN:So it ain't the meat, it's the motion. That said, we all like new tools and cool gear.
<ENDS HERE>it ain't the whistle that pulls the train
Alternative form of it's not the whistle that pulls the train
<ENDS HERE>it is a wise child that knows his own father
One can never be sure of one's paternity.
1900,  Samuel Butler,  The Odyssey:"My mother," answered Telemachus, "tells me I am son to Ulysses, but it is a wise child that knows his own father."
<ENDS HERE>it is all fun and games until someone loses an eye
Rough play results in injury.
<ENDS HERE>it is always darkest before the dawn
Alternative form of the darkest hour is just before the dawn
<ENDS HERE>it is always darkest just before the dawn
Alternative form of the darkest hour is just before the dawn
<ENDS HERE>it is darkest before the dawn
Alternative form of the darkest hour is just before the dawn
<ENDS HERE>it is darkest just before the dawn
Alternative form of the darkest hour is just before the dawn
<ENDS HERE>it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God
It is unlikely that the wealthy will go to heaven.
<ENDS HERE>it is easy to find a stick to beat a dog
(rare or obsolete, proverb) If a person is determined to punish someone, they will find a way to do so.
1596 — William Shakespeare, Henry VI, part Two, Act iii Scene 1 (First Folio edition)
The ancient Prouerbe will be well effected,A Staffe is quickly found to beat a Dogge.
1749 — Henry Fielding, Tom Jones, Book III ch v
For all this, however, poor Tom smarted in the flesh; for though Thwackum had been inhibited to exercise his arm on the foregoing account, yet, as the proverb says, It is easy to find a stick, &c. So was it easy to find a rod; and, indeed, the not being able to find one was the only thing which could have kept Thwackum any long time from chastising poor Jones.
<ENDS HERE>it is not the whistle that pulls the train
Alternative form of it's not the whistle that pulls the train
<ENDS HERE>at it is - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XetotwpAIDEAALZPeBEAAAEQ","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"it_is_what_it_is","wgTitle":"it is what it is","wgCurRevisionId":54349296,"wgRevisionId":54349296,"wgArticleId":337056,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["Requests for translations into Portuguese","English terms with audio links","English lemmas","English phrases","English terms with quotations","English idioms","English proverbs","English reduplications",
"English sentences"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":"it_is_what_it_is","wgRelevantArticleId":337056,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","ext.tmh.thumbnail.styles":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.shared"
:"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","mediawiki.toc.styles":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["mw.MediaWikiPlayer.loader","mw.PopUpMediaTransform","mw.TMHGalleryHook.js","site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.toc","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","mmv.head","mmv.bootstrap.autostart","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging",
"ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
it is what it is
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Contents
1 English
1.1 Pronunciation
1.2 Phrase
1.2.1 Synonyms
1.2.2 Translations
1.3 Further reading
English[edit]
Pronunciation[edit]
.mw-parser-output .k-player .k-attribution{visibility:hidden}Audio (AU)(file)
Phrase[edit]
it is what it is
(literally, sometimes philosophical) This thing has its own distinct nature; this thing is itself.
1690,  John Locke,  An Essay Concerning Human Understanding:That every thing has a real constitution, whereby it is what it is, and on which its sensible qualities depend, is past doubt.
(idiomatic) This circumstance is simply a fact and must be accepted or dealt with as it exists.
1926, "La Semaine du Parlement," Time, 8 Mar.:
I shall not criticize the Treaty of Versailles. It is a fact. It is what it is.
2005, Viv Bernstein, "Stewart Poised to Head Onto Road Less Traveled," New York Times, 20 Nov. (retrieved 24 July 2008):
I would prefer to start further up than where I am, but it is what it is and we'll just go out there and get to work.
Synonyms[edit]
(This circumstance is simply a fact and must be accepted): so be it, that's life
<ENDS HERE>it isn't the whistle that pulls the train
Alternative form of it's not the whistle that pulls the train
<ENDS HERE>it never rains but it pours
Unfortunate events occur in quantity.
Synonym: misfortunes never come singly
Coordinate terms[edit]
bad things come in threes
<ENDS HERE>it never rains but that it pours
Alternative form of it never rains but it pours
<ENDS HERE>it pays to advertise
Good qualities do not get rewarded automatically.
See also[edit]
if you don't ask you don't get
<ENDS HERE>it takes a heap o' livin' to make a house a home
Alternative form of it takes a heap of living to make a house a home
<ENDS HERE>it takes a heap of living to make a house a home
(chiefly US) A house is simply a physical structure and does not count as a home until significant events in the inhabitants' lives have occurred there over a substantial period of time, and they have developed an emotional bond to the house and its immediate environs.
1973, Government of Canada, House of Commons Debates, Official Report, Volume 3, p. 2476 (Google search result):
We often hear the famous lines quoted that it takes a heap of living to make a house a home, but we have to recognize that the family cannot do it without a house in which to start.
1989, Carlton T. Mitchell, Values in Teaching and Professional Ethics, →ISBN, p. 123 (Google preview):
It may take a heap of living to make a house a home, as the old cross-stitched samplers used to urge, but a commission-collecting realtor cannot deposit a six percent cut of a seller's hearth sentiments in a bank account.
1995, Max L. Stackhouse, On Moral Business, →ISBN, p. 28 (Google preview):
Just as "it takes a heap of living to make a house a home," and just as it takes character to turn an individual into a reliable person, so it takes sustained moral human interactions to make any institution viable.
See also[edit]
a house is not a home
home is where the heart is
<ENDS HERE>it takes a lot of living to make a house a home
Alternative form of it takes a heap of living to make a house a home
<ENDS HERE>it takes all kinds
Ellipsis of it takes all kinds to make a world
<ENDS HERE>it takes all kinds to make a world
(idiomatic) Diversity is essential: the world would be incomplete if everyone were alike.
He irons his clothes how?! That's crazy! Well, I guess it takes all kinds to make a world.
<ENDS HERE>it takes all sorts
Ellipsis of it takes all sorts to make a world
<ENDS HERE>it takes all sorts to make a world
Alternative form of it takes all kinds to make a world
<ENDS HERE>it takes one to know one
(colloquial, childish) A retort to a negative accusation, implying that the accuser shares the fault.
Bob: You're a queer!
Tony: Takes one to know one!
1949, Nial Kent, The Divided Path, p. 358:
There's an unkind saying that it takes one to know one, and it's almost true.
1947, Poet Lore‎, p. 280:
Anyone who appreciates Shakespeare as this author unquestionably does is another Shakespeare — it takes one to know one!
1946, Gore Vidal, Williwaw‎, p. 45:
“I’ve got a bad egg,” said Bervick. “I guess this was a pre-war egg.”  […]
“It takes one to know one,” said the Chief, referring back to the eggs.
See also[edit]
I know you are but what am I
look who's talking
pot calling the kettle black
<ENDS HERE>it takes two to make a quarrel
(ethics, idiomatic) It takes two or more people to cause a quarrel; one cannot blame an argument entirely on the other side.
See also[edit]
it takes two to tango
two heads are better than one
two's company, three's a crowd
one volunteer is equal to two pressed men
<ENDS HERE>it takes two to quarrel
Alternative form of it takes two to make a quarrel
<ENDS HERE>it takes two to tango
(idiomatic) Some things need the active cooperation of two parties; blame is to be laid on both parties in a conflict.
I can't do it by myself, and neither can you – it takes two to tango.
He started it! Well, it takes two to tango.
Derived terms[edit]
it takes two to tangle
Related terms[edit]
tango
<ENDS HERE>it took Nixon to go to China
Alternative form of only Nixon could go to China
<ENDS HERE>it's a long road that has no turning
Progress through life is characterized by change.
1936,  New Zealand Parliament,  Parliamentary Debates. House of Representatives:It is a long road that has no turning ; and the road the Labour Government is travelling will have a turning, too. Like every new Government, it is making changes; but the present Administration is making a welter of it.
1998,  David Henry Burton,  Taft, Holmes, and the 1920s Court: An Appraisal, →ISBN, page 67:The next two decades were a political education for Taft as he moved from civil governor of the Philippine Islands to Secretary of War, President of the United States, Kent Professor at Yale and co-chairman of the National War Labor Board. It is a long road that has no turning though.
2014,  S.K. Carnes,  The Way Back: A Soldier's Journey, →ISBN:“It's a long road that has no turning, and so Lena and I have rounded the corner. We have a healthy baby girl.
The current situation is bound to change eventually.
1834,  John Mackay Wilson,  Wilson's Historical, traditionary, and imaginative tales of the Borders:He was of a wild and restless disposition in those days, and his acquaintances were wont to call him by the name of Jack the Rambler. But it is a long road that has no turning,—he had now been many years at sea,—was the captain of a free trader, and as remarkable for his steadiness and worldly wisdom as he had been noted for wildness in his youth.
1926,  United States Congress Senate Committee on Public Lands and Surveys,  National forests and the public domain, page 2960:He never has had any rights. Whenever anyone wanted anything the stockman was using he simply took it, and the Federal Government stood behind him to back him up. But it is a long road that has no turning, and it is a long dog that has no tail. The stockman's day has arrived if he only has the gumption to see it and to take advantage of it.
2004,  Frederick T. Wilson & ‎James R. Reckner,  A Sailor's Log, →ISBN:Well, it's a long road that has no turning. Something has got to drop some o' these days. Anyhow, we'll have to stick it out as best we can. It will come all right in a hundred years or so, and our present enlistments can't last forever.
2015,  R. Austin Freeman,  A Silent Witness, →ISBN:I was rather startled at the sudden despondency of her tone. Apparently the road that Mrs. Samway trod was not strewn with roses. "Still," I said," it is a long road that has no turning." "It is," she agreed, bitterly, "but many have to travel such a road, to find the turning at last barred by the churchyard gate."
<ENDS HERE>it's a man's world
Society is organized in a manner that gives preferential status to males; most positions of authority are occupied by men.
1970 August 31, "Nation: Who's Come a Long Way, Baby?," Time (retrieved 7 July 2019):
The real issue, says Fox, "is whether male and female roles are totally flexible and reversible." As far as Fox is concerned, the answer is no. Millett admits that " […]  All I did was substantiate a cliche which we all know — that it's a man's world."
1995 October 15, Lucy Ellmann, "It's a man's man's world," Independent (UK) (retrieved 7 July 2019):
It's a man's world. But the fact that men dominate television makes it a kind of zoo in which to study them.
2009 September 16, "Canada’s Best Professional Schools," Macleans (Canada) (retrieved 7 July 2019):
Blame culture. Or genes. Or Dilbert. In engineering, it's a man's world — for now.
2011 February 21, Bettina Wassener, "Women Still Face Barriers in Hong Kong," New York Times (retrieved 7 July 2019):
"It's a man's world — the top echelons of politics and business here are all dominated by men," said Emily Lau.
See also[edit]
a woman's work is never done
male chauvinism
<ENDS HERE>it's an ill bird that fouls its own nest
A condemnation of anyone who damages their own interests, reputation, or group.
1872,  John Ruskin,  The Eagle's Nest:They say it's an ill bird that fouls its own nest. My own feeling is that a well-behaved bird will neither foul its own nest nor another's, but that, finding it in any wise foul, it will openly say so, and clean it.
1893,  Robert Louis Stevenson,  Catriona:It's an ill bird that fouls his own nest, and we are all Scots folk and all Hieland.
2005,  Richard Ostrofsky,  Sharing Realities: Toward an Epistemology of Conversation, →ISBN, page 173:The saying, “It's an ill bird that fouls its own nest” expresses the most universal of ethical norms, and is probably the source of all such norms.
2013,  Charles Macnab,  Understanding the Thomas D'Arcy McGee Assassination, →ISBN:He admitted then to having had, for two years, “documents in [his] possession sufficient to have destroyed [the Fenians operating in Montreal], but [he had] thought it was an ill bird that fouled its own nest.
See also[edit]
don't shit in your own nest
foul one's own nest
<ENDS HERE>it's an ill wind
Alternative form of it's an ill wind that blows nobody any good
<ENDS HERE>it's an ill wind that blows no good
Alternative form of it's an ill wind that blows nobody any good
<ENDS HERE>it's an ill wind that blows no one any good
Alternative form of it's an ill wind that blows nobody any good
<ENDS HERE>It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good.
An action or occurrence must be very bad indeed if it brings no benefit to anyone.
<ENDS HERE>it's better to ask forgiveness than permission
It is better to act decisively and apologize for it later than to seek approval to act and risk delay, objections, etc.
<ENDS HERE>it's lonely at the top
A highly successful person in a particular field will inevitably suffer from a feeling of isolation.
<ENDS HERE>it's never too late to mend
One is never too old to change one's ways; learning is always possible.
<ENDS HERE>it's not the meat, it's the motion
Alternative form of it ain't the meat, it's the motion (size doesn't matter as much as technique)
2003,  Trey Ellis,  Platitudes: & the New Black Aesthetic, →ISBN, page 103:Richard's hands are on her hips and he's poking once in a while but he isn't as big as she'd have thought but then again it's not the meat it's the motion that makes your baby want to rock...
(more generally) Alternative form of it ain't the meat, it's the motion (actions matter more than tools)
2005,  Jonathan Rosen,  Joy Comes in the Morning: A Novel, →ISBN:There's a book of simple answers for that: The Codes. But you miss the context. It's not the meat, it's the motion. It's the way they reason.
<ENDS HERE>it's not the whistle that pulls the train
Boasting and loud talk should not be mistaken for the work that produces real achievements; bravado is no proof of action.
1956 July 1, James Reston, "Washington: It's Not the Whistle that Pulls the Train," New York Times, p. E8:
“In the words of the nursery rhyme,” says Mr. Green, “‘it isn't the whistle that pulls the train.’”
1962, American Flint, American Flint Glass Workers' Union, vol. 62, p. 17:
Until then, remember, don't brag, it's not the whistle that pulls the train.
2005, Eve-Lyn Woodard, Resounding Echoes, →ISBN, p. 113:
The shiny aluminum body of the 1928 Peerless race car with its rumble seat and purchase price of 50 dollars must have put Kenwood in a boastful mood because Grandma Proper immediately stated, “Kenwood you must remember that it is not the whistle that pulls the train.”
Usage notes[edit]
This expression was used as the title of a children's song recorded in 1954 by Kitty Kallen.[1]
See also[edit]
all talk and no action
<ENDS HERE>it's not what you know but who you know
For success, and especially to obtain employment, one's knowledge and skills are less useful and less important than one's network of personal contacts.
1951, G. P. Bush and L. H. Hattery, "Federal Recruitment of Junior Engineers," Science, vol. 114, no. 2966, p. 456:
Eighty-four students referred to political influence as a disadvantage of federal employment with such remarks as: "There are too many political connections necessary . . . it's not what you know but who you know—in spite of apparent merit systems."
1993, Heidi Gruber, "Cross film earns recognition in Hollywood," Ellensburg Daily Record, 25 Aug. (retrieved 19 June 2009)
"In Hollywood, it's not what you know but who you know," said Cross, who added that the awards ceremony was the perfect place to make connections.
2008, Natasha Davies, Webc@m Girl‎, →ISBN, p. 53:
"It's not what you know but who you know," Shelby said, as she rummaged through a bag to find the business card he'd handed her.
See also[edit]
friends in high places
<ENDS HERE>it's the hit dog that howls
(US) If somebody is ranting or complaining about something, they were probably hurt by it.
<ENDS HERE>it's the thought that counts
When giving someone a present or doing a favour for someone, the kindness behind the act is more important than any other consideration.
I know the gift he gave you for your wedding is not worth much, but I hope you'll understand it's the thought that counts.
<ENDS HERE>judge not, that ye be not judged
Do not criticize others if you are not prepared to be criticized in return
Synonyms[edit]
people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
<ENDS HERE>judge not, that you be not judged
Alternative form of judge not, that ye be not judged
Usage notes[edit]
The phrase comes from the King James Bible, which, however, has “ye” instead of “you”. Its translators would have considered the substitution of "you” for “ye” ungrammatical: at the time, the form “you” was used only in the oblique case (object case).
<ENDS HERE>justice delayed is justice denied
If a wrong is not corrected within a reasonable amount of time, it is as though the wrong were not corrected at all.
2012 September 1, Annika Breidthardt, "Thalidomide victims: drugmaker's apology not enough", Reuters:
Harold Evans, Reuters editor at large who led a campaign for compensation of thalidomide victims as editor of Britain's Sunday Times from the late 1960s, said justice delayed was justice denied. ¶ "Fifty years of injustice is not to be assuaged by the most heartfelt apology, unaccompanied as it is by any compensation for the pain and suffering thousands of survivors endure every day," he said.
See also[edit]
though the mills of God grind slowly, yet they grind exceeding small
<ENDS HERE>justice is blind
Justice is to be meted out impartially, without regard to the identity of the individual being tried.
<ENDS HERE>keep your friends close, and your enemies closer
One should be on one's toes and alert of one's surroundings if malicious people are around, to ensure that they cannot wreak havoc in one's life.
<ENDS HERE>kids will be kids
(informal) Children cannot be expected to act like adults.
See also[edit]
boys will be boys
<ENDS HERE>know thyself
(also  philosophy) Be aware of your own strengths and limitations.
<ENDS HERE>knowing is half the battle
It is necessary to be informed in order to do the right thing in a given situation.
<ENDS HERE>knowledge is power
Scientia potentia est; with knowledge and/or education, one's potential or ability to succeed in the pursuit of one's objectives will certainly increase.
<ENDS HERE>ladies first
A phrase encouraging perceived polite gentlemanliness, allowing the ladies to go before the men.
<ENDS HERE>laughter is the best medicine
It is healthy to laugh.
<ENDS HERE>least said, soonest mended
Hurt feelings are most quickly healed by not discussing (revisiting) the event giving rise to the hurt.
Related terms[edit]
Similar phrases using elliptical causation ("if/then"):
another day, another dollar
fall seven times, stand up eight
finders, keepers
first come, first served
in for a penny, in for a pound
laugh before breakfast, cry before supper
mo' money, mo' problems
no body, no crime
no cross, no crown
no fears, no tears
no guts, no glory
no harm, no foul
no hero, no villain
no losers, no winners
no pain, no gain
nothing ventured, nothing gained
once bitten, twice shy
out of sight, out of mind
waste not, want not
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one that brought ya
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one that brung ya
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one that brung you
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one what brought ya
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one what brought you
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one what brung ya
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one what brung you
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one who brought ya
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one who brought you
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one who brung ya
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leave with the one who brung you
Synonym of dance with the one that brought you
<ENDS HERE>leaves of three, let it be
Don't touch a plant with a cluster of three leaves because it might be poison ivy or poison oak.
See also[edit]
Poison ivy on  Wikipedia.Wikipedia
Poison oak on  Wikipedia.Wikipedia
<ENDS HERE>less is more
That which is of smaller quantity could be of higher quality.
That which is less complicated is often better understood and more appreciated than what is more complicated; brevity in communication is more effective than verbosity.
1855, Robert Browning, "Andrea del Sarto" poem in Men and Women collection:
Well, less is more, Lucrezia: I am judged.
1954 June 14, "‘Less Is More’," Time:
The essence of Mies's architectural philosophy is in his famous and sometimes derided phrase, "Less is more." This means, he says, having "the greatest effect with the least means."
2007 March 3, Gia Kourlas, "Dance Review: An Ordered World Defined With Soothing Spareness," New York Times (retrieved 22 Oct 2008):
The program, which features two premieres—"Songs," a solo, and "The Pleasure of Stillness," a quartet—is founded on the notion that less is more.
Usage notes[edit]
This was the motto of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, a proponent of minimalism in architecture.
Synonyms[edit]
little goes a long way (some contexts)
Antonyms[edit]
less is a bore
more is more
<ENDS HERE>let a thousand flowers bloom
Do not interfere with promising developments in their early stages.
2002,  Robert J. Sternberg, Todd I. Lubart,  Defying the Crowd, page 1:It is probably safe to say that each year thousands of workers are victims of what might be called the “let a thousand flowers bloom” maneuver, formulated by Mao Tse-tung when he controlled the world's most populous country.
2008,  Don Tapscott, Anthony D. Williams,  Wikinomics: How Mass Collaboration Changes Everything, page 195:There's no haggling over specs or schedules. It's simply: let a thousand flowers bloom (or 140,000 flowers and growing, to be more exact)
2010,  Damien McLoughlin, David A. Aaker,  Strategic Market Management: Global Perspectives, page 268:One theory advanced by James Brian Quin, a strategy theorist, and others on how to find and develop successful new businesses is to 'let a thousand flowers bloom', tend those that thrive, and let the rest wither.
2011,  Michael Fullan,  The Six Secrets of Change, page 12:But if you devolve power and resources to local entities—the “let a thousand flowers bloom” approach— you get uneven results.
Usage notes[edit]
As some usage shows, those knowing what happened to those who took Mao's encouragement of 1956 seriously view uses of this statement skeptically and may use it ironically.
<ENDS HERE>let George do it
(dated) Let someone else incur the cost of achieving the shared benefit.
See also[edit]
public good
free rider
tragedy of the commons
<ENDS HERE>lex dubia non obligat
(law) A doubtful law is not binding.
<ENDS HERE>like a box of chocolates - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XeriPgpAMFwAAEWF6PgAAAAC","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"life_is_like_a_box_of_chocolates","wgTitle":"life is like a box of chocolates","wgCurRevisionId":55804399,"wgRevisionId":55804399,"wgArticleId":2896862,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English terms with audio links","English lemmas","English proverbs","English similes"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":
"life_is_like_a_box_of_chocolates","wgRelevantArticleId":2896862,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!1,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!1,"wgRestrictionEdit":["autoconfirmed"],"wgRestrictionMove":["autoconfirmed"],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","ext.tmh.thumbnail.styles":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready",
"mediawiki.toc.styles":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["mw.MediaWikiPlayer.loader","mw.PopUpMediaTransform","mw.TMHGalleryHook.js","site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.toc","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","mmv.head","mmv.bootstrap.autostart","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming",
"ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
life is like a box of chocolates
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Contents
1 English
1.1 Etymology
1.2 Pronunciation
1.3 Proverb
1.4 See also
English
Etymology
Appeared in the 1994 film Forrest Gump, when the lead character Forrest Gump (played by Tom Hanks) says “My mom always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.”
Pronunciation
.mw-parser-output .k-player .k-attribution{visibility:hidden}Audio (AU)(file)
Proverb
life is like a box of chocolates
(simile) Life is full of surprises; you never know what will happen next.
See also
life is a bowl of cherries
<ENDS HERE>life is not all beer and skittles
(Britain) Not everything about life is pleasurable.
<ENDS HERE>life is short
One should make the most of one's life, as one never knows when one will die.
<ENDS HERE>life's a bitch and then you die
(informal, vulgar) When it comes to life, one should expect the worst.
<ENDS HERE>lightning never strikes twice in the same place
Something is not affected in the same way twice.
<ENDS HERE>like father like son
Alternative form of like father, like son
<ENDS HERE>like father, like son
A son will have traits similar to his father upon reaching adulthood.
<ENDS HERE>like mother, like daughter
(idiomatic) A daughter will have traits similar to her mother upon reaching adulthood.
<ENDS HERE>little pitchers have big ears
Small children often overhear more of what is said than adults realize or desire.
1844, Charlotte M. Yonge, Abbeychurch, ch. 2:
Seeing me listening to something she was saying to Mamma, she turned round upon me with that odious proverb, "Little pitchers have long ears."
1939, "Bedtime Bedlam," Time, 17 Apr.:
A caution to U. S. parents, but a joy to radio merchandising, is the dread truth that little pitchers have big ears.
2000, Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft, →ISBN, p. 185:
[N]o kid ever ran to his mother and said that his little sister just defecated in the tub. I suppose he might say pushed or went woowoo, but took a shit is, I fear, very much in the ballpark (little pitchers have big ears, after all).
Usage notes[edit]
Often used when adults are conversing in the presence of small children, as a coded reminder to be careful about what one says.
Synonyms[edit]
little pitchers have long ears
<ENDS HERE>little pitchers have long ears
Alternative form of little pitchers have big ears
<ENDS HERE>little strokes fell great oaks
It is easier to do a big task with strong but persistent effort.
<ENDS HERE>let live - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XesNJQpAIEIAAFSy190AAABA","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"live_and_let_live","wgTitle":"live and let live","wgCurRevisionId":55449665,"wgRevisionId":55449665,"wgArticleId":852896,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["Finnish redlinks","Finnish redlinks/t","Italian redlinks","Italian redlinks/t","Russian redlinks","Russian redlinks/t","Spanish redlinks","Spanish redlinks/t","English terms with audio links","English lemmas"
,"English verbs","English idioms","English coordinated pairs","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":"live_and_let_live","wgRelevantArticleId":852896,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":
"loading","ext.tmh.thumbnail.styles":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","mediawiki.toc.styles":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["mw.MediaWikiPlayer.loader","mw.PopUpMediaTransform","mw.TMHGalleryHook.js","site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.toc","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","mmv.head","mmv.bootstrap.autostart",
"ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
live and let live
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
See also: live-and-let-live
Contents
1 English
1.1 Pronunciation
1.2 Verb
1.2.1 Usage notes
1.2.2 Related terms
1.2.3 Translations
English[edit]
Pronunciation[edit]
.mw-parser-output .k-player .k-attribution{visibility:hidden}Audio (AU)(file)
Verb[edit]
live and let live
(idiomatic) To be tolerant; to enjoy the pleasures and opportunities which life offers and to allow others to do the same.
1818, Sir Walter Scott, The Heart of Mid-Lothian, ch. 23:
"Hout, neighbour," said Mrs. Howden, "we suld live and let live—we hae been young oursells, and we are no aye to judge the warst when lads and lasses forgather."
1903, Arthur Quiller-Couch, Hetty Wesley, ch. 36:
‘Live and let live’ is my motto: let me alone and I'll let you alone.
2004 April 22, Michael Ancram, "If the British people vote no, Europe will thank them," guardian.co.uk (retrieved 14 June 2008):
Our Europe policy is simple: live and let live, flourish and let flourish. That is a modern and mature approach.
Usage notes[edit]
Often expressed hortatively as a proverb.
Related terms[edit]
live-and-let-live (adjective)
<ENDS HERE>live by the sword, die by the sword
One who uses violence can expect a violent response; it is better to try to use peaceful means wherever possible.
(figuratively) One can expect dire outcomes from any vice; used to convey a sense that poetic justice is inevitable.
(figuratively) The means of one's success can become the means of one's downfall.
1997 October 17,  Roger Ebert,  “Boogie Nights (1997) review”, in  Chicago Sun-Times‎[1]:And in Dirk Diggler's most anguished scene, as he shouts at Jack Horner, "I'm ready to shoot my scene RIGHT NOW!" we learn that those who live by the sword can also die by it.
2009, Larry Downes, The Laws of Disruption: Harnessing the New Forces That Govern Life and Business in the Digital Age, Basic Books →ISBN
In the “live by the sword, die by the sword” category of ironic litigation, consider the fate of struggling hardware and software maker Sun Microsystems.
<ENDS HERE>location, location, location
The most important consideration in buying real estate is its location.
<ENDS HERE>long absent, soon forgotten
Love fades away when people are distant and don't keep close physical contact
Antonyms[edit]
absence makes the heart grow fonder
<ENDS HERE>long ways, long lies
Someone who comes back from a far-off country can tell lies without fear of being contradicted.
<ENDS HERE>look before you leap
Do not jump into something too precipitously; employ some foresight or circumspection.
Synonyms[edit]
haste makes waste
marry in haste, repent at leisure
Antonyms[edit]
he who hesitates is lost
<ENDS HERE>lookers-on see most of the game
Those who do not participate in an event see most of it than the participants.
<ENDS HERE>loose lips sink ships
Saying too much or releasing confidential information can have dangerous consequences.
<ENDS HERE>love is blind
A person who is in love can see no faults or imperfections in the person whom he or she loves.
Related terms[edit]
love goggles
<ENDS HERE>sinner but hate the sin - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"Xeto8gpAAEIAAGd5DNYAAAAS","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"love_the_sinner_but_hate_the_sin","wgTitle":"love the sinner but hate the sin","wgCurRevisionId":55002988,"wgRevisionId":55002988,"wgArticleId":6430461,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":"love_the_sinner_but_hate_the_sin","wgRelevantArticleId":
6430461,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready",
"mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
love the sinner but hate the sin
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
English[edit]
Verb[edit]
love the sinner but hate the sin
Alternative form of love the sinner, hate the sin
Anagrams[edit]
hate the sin but love the sinner
<ENDS HERE>sinner, hate the sin - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"Xeto8wpAAEYAADCHU3UAAAAG","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"love_the_sinner,_hate_the_sin","wgTitle":"love the sinner, hate the sin","wgCurRevisionId":53138562,"wgRevisionId":53138562,"wgArticleId":6430281,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English proverbs","en:Christianity"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":"love_the_sinner,_hate_the_sin",
"wgRelevantArticleId":6430281,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","mediawiki.toc.styles":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready",
"ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.toc","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
love the sinner, hate the sin
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Contents
1 English
1.1 Alternative forms
1.2 Verb
1.3 See also
English[edit]
Alternative forms[edit]
hate the sin but love the sinner
love the sinner but hate the sin
Verb[edit]
love the sinner, hate the sin
(phrase, chiefly Christianity) Do not treat people badly because of their faults, but do not go so far as to accept or approve the faults themselves.
See also[edit]
don't hate the player, hate the game
<ENDS HERE>make it do or do without
If you don't have a lot of money, extend the life of what you have.
<ENDS HERE>man is a wolf to man
Humans prey upon one another.
<ENDS HERE>man plans and God laughs
Things don't always work out as they were planned.
Synonyms[edit]
man proposes, God disposes
the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry
<ENDS HERE>man proposes, God disposes
Things don't always work out as they were planned.
<ENDS HERE>manners maketh man
(idiomatic) A person may be judged according to his behaviour towards other people
<ENDS HERE>many a mickle makes a muckle
(Britain) A lot of small amounts, put together, become a large amount.
Usage notes[edit]
Mickle and muckle both traditionally meant "a large amount", hence the somewhat more logical variant "many a little makes a mickle". In Scottish English, partly under the influence of this phrase, "mickle" has, however, also come to mean "a small amount".[1]
Synonyms[edit]
every little helps
take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves
a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
little and often fills the purse
<ENDS HERE>many hands make light work
A large number of people co-operating can perform tasks easily.
Antonyms[edit]
too many cooks spoil the broth.
<ENDS HERE>marry in haste, repent at leisure
Getting married too soon will lead to a bad marriage.
Joining (or merging) two things together too soon will lead to problems.
<ENDS HERE>measure twice and cut once
(carpentry, literally) One should double-check one's measurements for accuracy before cutting a piece of wood; otherwise it may be necessary to cut again, wasting time and material.
1872, "Dressmaking," Hall's Journal of Health, vol. 19, no. 12, p. 280:
Look at Carpenters! . . . In old times it was a proverb "Measure twice, and cut once."
(figuratively, by extension) Plan and prepare in a careful, thorough manner before taking action.
2008, Hilary Johnson, "Mergers rattle bank relations," Financial Week, 9 Nov. (retrieved 9 Nov. 2008):
Mr. Paz noted that since the onset of the credit crisis, eBay, like other companies, hasn’t been able to "measure twice and cut once."
<ENDS HERE>measure twice, cut once
Alternative form of measure twice and cut once
<ENDS HERE>mess with the bull and you get the horns
Synonym of when you mess with the bull, you get the horns
<ENDS HERE>mess with the bull, get the horns
Synonym of when you mess with the bull, you get the horns
<ENDS HERE>might is right
Alternative form of might makes right
<ENDS HERE>might makes right
The stronger and more powerful rule others, control the situation, or determine right and wrong.
<ENDS HERE>mighty oaks from little acorns grow
Something great can come from a modest beginning.
Don't give up on the project - mighty oaks from little acorns grow!
<ENDS HERE>mind over matter
Willpower alone can overcome a physical problem.
<ENDS HERE>misery loves company
Misery is easier to bear when one is not the only one miserable.
1995, Chris Abbott, “State of Flux”, season 1 episode 11 of Star Trek: Voyager:
Tuvok: [It is curious] That my failure, added to your own, should improve your feelings.
Chakotay: Misery loves company, Tuvok.
<ENDS HERE>misfortunes never come alone
Alternative form of misfortunes never come singly
<ENDS HERE>misfortunes never come singly
Bad things or situations always come in groups or streaks, they never come in a single way.
Synonyms: it never rains but it pours; when it rains, it pours
Coordinate terms[edit]
bad things come in threes
<ENDS HERE>mocking is catching
Be careful of criticising others, lest the same happen to you.
<ENDS HERE>money can't buy happiness
Money can buy external things, but true happiness comes from inside.
Usage notes[edit]
Sometimes used ironically.
<ENDS HERE>money doesn't grow on trees
Wealth cannot be obtained without some effort; hence currency is not always available for a prospective purchase.
1943, William Budington Duryee, Farming for security‎, Page 187
Perhaps it was a Scotsman who, in response to an idea for lavish expenditure, first said "Money doesn't grow on trees".
1975, Kiplinger's Personal Finance‎, Page 39
Today's money worries certainly should make it easier for parents to teach their children that money doesn't grow on trees.
2005, Kathie Rechkemmer, I Want to Teach My Child about Money Page 28
Money doesn't grow on trees — and even the paper for money isn't made of wood!
Synonyms[edit]
there's no such thing as a free lunch
<ENDS HERE>money is the root of all evil
The desire for money is the root cause of all evil.
<ENDS HERE>money talks
It is easier to accomplish goals using money instead of just talk.
Usage notes[edit]
Here talk is used metaphorically to means “has actual effect, shows seriousness”, as in similar actions speak louder than words. Contrast with sense “empty words, without impact”, as in talk is cheap and talk the talk.
Derived terms[edit]
money talks, bullshit walks
<ENDS HERE>money talks and bullshit walks
Alternative form of money talks, bullshit walks
<ENDS HERE>money talks, bullshit walks
Attempting to accomplish a goal by demonstrating possession of material resources will succeed, while attempting to accomplish that goal through mere rhetoric will fail.
1968,  Keefe Brasselle,  The Cannibals: A Novel about Television's Savage Chieftains, page p. 68:“You taught me a great expression a few years ago, Joey—don’t forget it yourself.”“What expression?” I asked.“Money talks—bullshit walks. Joey, the further away from the Chairman I get, the better I like it.”
1984, Jack DeSario, ‎Stuart Langton, Symposium on Citizen Participation and Public Policy, page 321:
As my former congressman put it so inelegantly: "Money talks; bullshit walks."
2001, Paul William Roberts, ‎Norman Snider, Smokescreen: One Man Against the Underworld, page 252:
First rule of the cold approach: money talks, bullshit walks. So Cal would tip the guy twenty dollars on a hundred-dollar tab.
Usage notes[edit]
Beware that talk and walk are used in the opposite sense from talk the talk/walk the walk, in which talk means “words without action” and walk means “action”. Here talk is used metaphorically to means “has actual effect, shows seriousness”, as in similar actions speak louder than words, instead of in the sense “empty words, without impact”, as in talk is cheap and talk the talk; walk is used to mean “walks away, does not follow through”.
See also[edit]
actions speak louder than words
talk is cheap
talk the talk
walk the walk
<ENDS HERE>more haste, less speed
When one is in a hurry, one often ends up completing a task more slowly.
<ENDS HERE>murder will out
a murderer will always be discovered.
(idiomatic) secrets or hidden crimes will eventually be exposed or discovered; nothing that is secret can remain a secret forever.
<ENDS HERE>my enemy's enemy is my friend
Alternative form of the enemy of my enemy is my friend
<ENDS HERE>nearly never bulled a cow
(Ireland) Near enough is not good enough.
<ENDS HERE>necessity is the mother of innovation
Alternative form of necessity is the mother of invention
<ENDS HERE>necessity is the mother of invention
A person who is in great need of something will find a way to get it.
<ENDS HERE>necessity knows no law
A person who is in great need of something will find a way to get it, and break the law if needed.
necessity knows no law, there is no pity and no mercy in war
1919, Boris Sidis, The Source and Aim of Human Progress:
"Necessity knows no law."
Synonyms[edit]
needs must when the devil drives
<ENDS HERE>needs must
Short for needs must when the devil drives.
1905, The Chronicle of the London Missionary Society, page 199:
“Needs must,” and the haughty summons of Britain rings even in the impregnable heart of Thibet. This is the mission of Empire, the will of a dominant people bent on advancing the interests of trade.
1999, Jill Laurimore, Going to Pot, Macmillan (→ISBN), page 155:
"Needs must and all that – and the devil so often does, doesn't he?" “Excuse me?" "Drives – the devil. Such a relentless old bugger."
Anagrams[edit]
must needs, mutedness
<ENDS HERE>needs must when the devil drives
There is sometimes no choice but to do something.
Synonyms[edit]
needs must (short form)
necessity knows no law
<ENDS HERE>ne'er cast a clout til May be out
(regional) Do not change from winter clothes to summer clothes until June, as there is often a sudden cold snap in May.
<ENDS HERE>neither a borrower nor a lender be
It is not good to borrow money from anybody, lest you will lose their trust and friendship.
<ENDS HERE>never change a running system
Do not change something while it is working.
Usage notes[edit]
The phrase has also been picked up and used by German speakers.
Synonyms[edit]
if it ain't broke, don't fix it
leave well enough alone
<ENDS HERE>ght a land war in Asia - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"Xes6rQpAIDAAAJD0zs0AAAAL","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"never_fight_a_land_war_in_Asia","wgTitle":"never fight a land war in Asia","wgCurRevisionId":54405464,"wgRevisionId":54405464,"wgArticleId":5570447,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English phrases","English terms with quotations","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":
"never_fight_a_land_war_in_Asia","wgRelevantArticleId":5570447,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","mediawiki.toc.styles":"ready",
"ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.toc","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
never fight a land war in Asia
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Contents
1 English
1.1 Etymology
1.2 Phrase
1.2.1 Synonyms
English[edit]
Etymology[edit]
Attributed to various military leaders, including Bernard Montgomery, Dwight Eisenhower and Douglas MacArthur, the quotation has existed in various forms since the Second World War but was fixed in its present form and popularized by the 1987 movie The Princess Bride. As the largest continent, containing several climatic regions, deserts and mountain ranges, central Asia is a very difficult area for military manoeuvres.
Phrase[edit]
never fight a land war in Asia
Don't bite off more than you can chew; don't start a fight that is too big to win.
2010 October 1,  Zoe Wood,  “Retail therapy: foreign chains glimpse window of opportunity in UK market”, in  The Guardian‎[1]:Although Britain is one of the world's most lucrative markets, with retail sales of £286bn last year, expensive shop rents and world-class local competition have kept international groups at bay. Indeed, some analysts put the UK in the "never fight a land war in Asia" category due to the challenges posed by the market.
2014 July 4,  Evan Jensen,  “The Patent Wars”, in  Lexology‎[2]:Apple’s mistake in instigating a patent war with Samsung is illustrative of a larger pattern involving large stockpiles of patents. “Never fight a land war in Asia” comes to mind.
2016, Philip Kotler, François Maon, A Stakeholder Approach to Corporate Social Responsibility: Pressures, Conflicts, and Reconciliation, Routledge →ISBN, page 50
"Well listen here, Walmart," wrote blogger Caroline Gallay, "you should heed the advice of Vizzini in The Princess Bride: Never fight a land war in Asia."
Synonyms[edit]
pick your battles
<ENDS HERE>never look a gift horse in the mouth
Alternative form of don't look a gift horse in the mouth
<ENDS HERE>never put off until tomorrow what you can do today
Do not procrastinate whatever that can be done today until tomorrow.
Synonyms[edit]
he who hesitates is lost
Related terms[edit]
procrastination is the thief of time
<ENDS HERE>new brooms sweep clean
Alternative form of a new broom sweeps clean
<ENDS HERE>nice guys finish last
(idiomatic) People who are decent, friendly, and agreeable tend to be unsuccessful because they are outmaneuvered or overwhelmed by others who are not so decent, friendly, or agreeable.
1956 Nov. 19, "National Affairs: Nice Guy Finishes First," Time:
The size of his victory . . . contradicted the maxim of latter-day fellow Californian Leo Durocher, who once said positively: "Nice guys finish last."
1998 March 23, Seth Schiesel, "All Too Soon, New F.C.C. Chief Finds Warm Welcome Is Cooling," New York Times (retrieved 10 July 2012):
"He can be as moderate as he likes. Nobody else will be. In Washington these days, nice guys finish last."
2011 Dec. 5, Richard Hall, "I didn't get where I am today by being nice... Study reveals agreeable men earn £4,500 less than their ruthless colleagues," The Independent (UK) (retrieved 10 July 2012):
Nonetheless, a team of business experts claims to have proved the pessimistic notion that "nice guys finish last" – at least where money is concerned.
Usage notes[edit]
Often expressed in a cynical manner.
<ENDS HERE>no bucks, no Buck Rogers
One must spend money to get what is desired, especially in the exploration of outer space.
2016 Nov. 30, Lee Billings, Trump’s First 100 Days: Space," Scientific American (retrieved 7 Oct 2017):
Whether NASA under Trump will stay the course . . . an old adage attributed to its first human spaceflights of the 1960s is likely to define its fate: no bucks, no Buck Rogers.
Usage notes[edit]
Notably used in the motion picture The Right Stuff (1983).
<ENDS HERE>no gain without pain
Alternative form of no pain, no gain
<ENDS HERE>no good deed ever goes unpunished
beneficial actions often go unappreciated or are met with outright hostility.
<ENDS HERE>no good deed goes unpunished
Beneficial actions often go unappreciated or are met with outright hostility. If they are appreciated, they often lead to additional requests.
Synonyms[edit]
eaten bread is soon forgotten
<ENDS HERE>no guts, no glory
Success will not be achieved without hard work and struggle.
Synonyms[edit]
no pain, no gain
<ENDS HERE>no man is an island
All people are connected to and dependent on other people.
1623,  John Donne,  “Meditation XVII”, in  Devotions upon Emergent Occasions:No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main.  […]  any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind,  […]
<ENDS HERE>no matter how thin you slice it, it's still baloney
(chiefly US) Regardless of how many clever points or fine distinctions one makes, what one is saying is still false or is still nonsense.
1933, "Topics of the Times," New York Times, 29 Nov., p. 18:
Some of our leading scholars trace it back to a favorite American saying of that time, "No matter how thin you slice it, it is still boloney."
2002, Dave Distel, The Sweater Letter, →ISBN, p. 267:
"Do you have the ability," he asked another juror, "to discern between the truth and baloney?"
"I think so, definitely."
"No matter how thin you slice it, it's still baloney, right?"
<ENDS HERE>no matter how thin you slice it, it's still boloney
Alternative form of no matter how thin you slice it, it's still baloney
<ENDS HERE>no news is good news
A lack of information reported about a situation suggests that nothing bad has happened.
<ENDS HERE>no one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American public
Alternative form of nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people
<ENDS HERE>no one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American people
Alternative form of nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American people
<ENDS HERE>no one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public
Alternative form of nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American people
<ENDS HERE>no one is born a master
Cleverness and education can be gained only by effort.
<ENDS HERE>no pain, no gain
One must be willing to endure some inconvenience or discomfort in order to achieve worthwhile goals.
Usage notes[edit]
Phrases with the same construction are common and productive. See the related terms below.
Synonyms[edit]
(one must endure inconvenience): nothing ventured, nothing gained; no guts, no glory
Related terms[edit]
Similar phrases using elliptical causation ("if/then"):
no body, no crime
no cross, no crown
no fears, no tears
no guts, no glory
no harm, no foul
no hero, no villain
no losers, no winners
nothing ventured, nothing gained
waste not, want not
Also:
another day, another dollar
fall seven times, stand up eight
finders, keepers
first come, first served
in for a penny, in for a pound
laugh before breakfast, cry before supper
least said, soonest mended
mo' money, mo' problems
once bitten, twice shy
out of sight, out of mind
<ENDS HERE>no peace for the weary
Alternative form of no rest for the weary
<ENDS HERE>no rest for the weary
(humorous) Even people who are tired must still work.
See also[edit]
no rest for the wicked
<ENDS HERE>no rest for the wicked
(literally) Eternal torment in hell awaits sinners.
(humorous) People who are wicked must work harder than normal people.
Usage notes[edit]
Primarily used today for mild comic effect,[1] meaning “one must work (particularly because one has been lax)”, as in Annie usage.
<ENDS HERE>no rose without a thorn
(figuratively) To enjoy a pleasant subject or thing, one must take trouble and hardship
See also[edit]
every rose has its thorn
<ENDS HERE>no sleep for the wicked
Synonym of no rest for the wicked
<ENDS HERE>no smoke without fire
Gossip and accusations are often substantiated by fact.
<ENDS HERE>no time like the present
Clipping of there's no time like the present.
<ENDS HERE>nobody ever went broke underestimating the good taste of the American people
Alternative form of nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American people
<ENDS HERE>nobody ever went broke underestimating the good taste of the American public
Alternative form of nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American people
<ENDS HERE>nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people
Americans, as a group, are not especially intelligent and can be readily entertained or fooled to produce financial benefit for someone.
1988 April 23, "1988 OBIE Interview: Robert Anton Wilson," RAWilsonFans.org (retrieved 13 Sep 2015):
Ed Wood was a backwards genius, he set out to make horror movies and he didn’t know how to do it. . . . Mencken said, “Nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people.” Well, Ed Wood did go broke by underestimating their intelligence.
1992 Feb. 14, Janet Maslin, "Film: A Dim Duo In a Revel Of Stupidity" (review of Wayne's World), New York Times (retrieved 13 Sep 2015):
H. L. Mencken may have noted that no one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people, but not even he could have anticipated this. Like Bill and Ted, their principal rivals among screen duos who play dumb, Wayne and Garth do their best to elevate stupidity to an art form.
2010 Jan. 8, Terry Teachout, "Theater: Science Takes the Stag,", Wall Street Journal (retrieved 13 Sep 2015):
It's noteworthy, by the way, that a pleasure dome like Palm Beach should also be the home of a drama troupe that not only specializes in shows like "Copenhagen" and "The Chairs" but performs them with flair. We have it on the best of authority that nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people, but Palm Beach Dramaworks seems to be doing quite well for itself by operating on the opposite assumption.
2014, Nathaniel S. Borenstein, Programming as If People Mattered, →ISBN, p. 70 (Google preview):
Most advertising seems to be aimed at an extremely unintelligent audience, and yet seems effective in persuading most of us. But the software industry may, I suspect, provide a few exceptions to the old saying that “nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people.”
Usage notes[edit]
In a common variant version of this proverb, the term taste is used instead of intelligence.
See also[edit]
nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American people
there's a sucker born every minute
<ENDS HERE>nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American public
Alternative form of nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people
<ENDS HERE>nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American people
Americans, as a group, do not have good taste or sophistication and can be easily amused or distracted to produce financial benefit for someone.
1982 June 13, Edwin McDowell, "About Books and Authors," New York Times (retrieved 13 Sep 2015):
“I remembered that nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public, so I set out to write the worst novel it was humanly possible to write and still get published,” he said.
Usage notes[edit]
In a common variant version of this proverb, the term intelligence is used instead of taste.
See also[edit]
nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American people
<ENDS HERE>nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public
Alternative form of nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American people
<ENDS HERE>nothing succeeds like success
People who are already successful tend to have additional successes.
1870, Wilkie Collins, Man and Wife, Prologue:
Always rising, Mr. Delamayn rose next to be Attorney-General. About the same time—so true it is that "nothing succeeds like success"—a childless relative died and left him a fortune.
1899, E. W. Hornung, "Gentlemen and Players" in The Amateur Cracksman:
I gained considerable kudos for a lucky catch . . . and, as nothing succeeds like success, and the constant encouragement of the one great cricketer on the field was in itself an immense stimulus, I actually made a run or two in my very next innings.
1962 October 12, "Education: All-Programmed School," Time:
The theory of programmed learning is that nothing succeeds like success. It holds that some subjects are learned best when broken into tiny chunks of information that students can master one by one, each step providing its own little thrill of accomplishment.
2009 Sep. 20, Edward Wyatt, "Familiarity and a Few Surprises at the Emmys," New York Times (retrieved 11 Dec 2012):
In television, nothing succeeds like success. So it was Sunday night at the 61st annual Primetime Emmy Awards, where five of the top six categories featured repeat winners from last year.
See also[edit]
those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>nothing ventured, nothing gained
If one takes no risks, one will not gain any benefits.
1546,  John Heywood,  A dialogue conteinyng the nomber in effect of all the prouerbes in the englishe tongue compacte in a matter concernyng two maner of mariages‎[1], The fyrste parte. The leuenth chapiter:Noght vēter noght haue spare to speke spare to spedeNothing venture, nothing have; spare to speak, spare success
1842,  E.S.J.,  “Julia Dayton: Or the power of truth over error”, in  Universalist Union‎[2], page 609:Her husband was one of those unfortunate men, called speculators. He believed that to gain thousands, thousands must be put in jeopardy—“nothing ventured, nothing gained,” was his rule, and he practiced it to perfection.
1944,  W. Julian King,  The Unwritten Laws of Engineering‎[3], page 22:Do not allow the danger of making a mistake to inhibit your initiative to the point of “nothing ventured, nothing gained.” It is much healthier to expect to make mistakes, take a few good risks now and then, and take your medicine when you lose.
Synonyms[edit]
no pain, no gain
the benefit outweighs the cost
Related terms[edit]
Similar phrases using elliptical causation ("if/then"):
another day, another dollar
fall seven times, stand up eight
finders, keepers
first come, first served
in for a penny, in for a pound
laugh before breakfast, cry before supper
least said, soonest mended
mo' money, mo' problems
no body, no crime
no cross, no crown
no fears, no tears
no guts, no glory
no harm, no foul
no hero, no villain
no losers, no winners
no pain, no gain
once bitten, twice shy
out of sight, out of mind
waste not, want not
<ENDS HERE>oil and water don't mix
Black people and white people should not form relationships; an admonition against miscegenation.
Some people, things or characteristics do not go together.
<ENDS HERE>old enough to bleed, old enough to breed
Any girl who has started menstruating is old enough to have sex or start having children
<ENDS HERE>old habits die hard
(idiomatic) Established habits are difficult to change.
<ENDS HERE>old sins cast long shadows
Alternative form of old sins have long shadows
<ENDS HERE>old sins have long shadows
Past misdeeds are liable to return to haunt a person.
1929,  Camilla Hope,  Long Shadows, page 253:"'Old sins have long shadows,'" he went on musingly. "And this shadow of Bou Smain may yet engulf you if I am not quick.
2013,  Louise Penny,  How The Light Gets In: A Chief Inspector Gamache Mystery, →ISBN:“But if it doesn't exist how can it matter?” asked Nichol. “Old file, old company, old news.” “Old sins have long shadows,” said Gamache. “And this is an old sin.”
2014,  Denise Robins,  Reputation, →ISBN:Lucinda was happy and deeply in love, but ‘old sins have long shadows’, and on the very night of her engagement party the dark, dangerous shadow of her past confronted her.
See also[edit]
a lie has no legs
murder will out
skeleton in the closet
chickens come home to roost
<ENDS HERE>on the Internet nobody knows you're a dog
(humorous) It is easy to conceal one's identity on the Internet.
<ENDS HERE>once a man, twice a boy
Synonym of once a man, twice a child
<ENDS HERE>once a man, twice a child
A man is born as a child, grows to adulthood, and consequently enters old age, when he deteriorates and reverts to a childish state.
1889, Oscar Fitzalan Safford, Hosea Ballou: a Marvellous Life-story, Universalist Publishing, Boston, p. 243 (Google books):
"I am an old man," he said; I avail myself of the privilege of an old man—, to be a child. ‘Once a man, twice a child.’"
1971, Plays and Players, Issue 19, p. 64 (Google snippet view):
Dora: Once a man, twice a child, my mother used to say.
Ansell: What did she mean by that?
Dora: She meant that a man grows from a boy, to a man, to a boy again.
1980, Artists: Bob Marley, Album: Uprising
Verses: Give them an inch, they take a yard
Give them a yard, they take a mile
Once a man and twice a child
And everything is just for a while
2005, Camyl Sosa Belanger, Eva Gabor, an Amazing Woman, →ISBN, p. 201 (Google preview):
The child in people sometimes comes out after one reaches a certain stage in life, which makes the saying, “Once a man twice a child” to be the truth.
Synonyms[edit]
once a man, twice a boy
Related terms[edit]
once a woman, twice a child
See also[edit]
retrogenesis
second childhood
<ENDS HERE>once a woman, twice a child
(rare) A woman is born as a child, later enters adulthood, and consequently enters old age, when her body and mind start to deteriorate to the point where she can no longer care for herself.
<ENDS HERE>once a X, always a X
(snowclone) Not everyone can change their behaviour, regardless of age.
Derived terms[edit]
once an Eagle, always an Eagle
<ENDS HERE>once an Eagle Scout, always an Eagle Scout
Alternative form of once an Eagle, always an Eagle
<ENDS HERE>once an Eagle, always an Eagle
(Scouting) Once someone has attained the Eagle Scout rank, their possession of the rank should not be referred to in the past tense, regardless of age, and an Eagle Scout cannot ever be stripped of their rank.
Alternative forms[edit]
once an Eagle Scout, always an Eagle Scout
See also[edit]
NESA
a leopard cannot change its spots
you can't teach an old dog new tricks
<ENDS HERE>once an eagle, always an eagle
A person's true character never changes.
1832, The London Spy (volume 2, page 292)
Elliston was, in his day, the Napoleon of Drury Lane; but, like the conqueror at Austerlitz, he suffered his declensions, and the Surrey became to him a Saint Helena. However, once an eagle always an eagle; and Robert William was no less aquiline in the day of adversity than in his palmy time of patent prosperity.
1968, LIFE (volume 65, number 13, page 19)
Later Courtney comes to the Pacific and Damon must submit to his orders for a suicidal attack — orders based on a profound ignorance of actual field conditions and an especially profound desire for a press-worthy victory at any cost. But once an eagle always an eagle; by the end of the novel Damon is still slugging it out with Courtney  […]
<ENDS HERE>Once bitten, twice shy.
One is cautious if he or she has been hurt in the past.
Synonyms[edit]
a burnt child dreads the fire
the burnt child dreads the fire
A beaten dog may cower before a friendly hand.
Bitten by a snake on one morning, afraid of the rope by the well for ten years.
Related terms[edit]
Similar phrases using elliptical causation ("if/then"):
another day, another dollar
fall seven times, stand up eight
finders, keepers
first come, first served
in for a penny, in for a pound
laugh before breakfast, cry before supper
least said, soonest mended
mo' money, mo' problems
no body, no crime
no cross, no crown
no fears, no tears
no guts, no glory
no harm, no foul
no hero, no villain
no losers, no winners
no pain, no gain
nothing ventured, nothing gained
out of sight, out of mind
waste not, want not
<ENDS HERE>once you go black, you never go back
Once a person of another race has a sexual relationship with a black person, they will not return to having sexual relationships with members of the former race.
<ENDS HERE>(one) can run but (one) can't hide
There is nothing someone can do to evade something.
<ENDS HERE>one cannot break a stick in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>one cannot break a twig in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>one cannot break sticks in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>one can't break a stick in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>one can't break a twig in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>one can't break sticks in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>one can't hold two watermelons in one hand
do not attempt to take on more than you can handle
See also[edit]
bite off more than one can chew
<ENDS HERE>one can't live with them, one can't live without them
Alternative form of can't live with them, can't live without them
<ENDS HERE>one good turn deserves another
One act of kindness should be paid back by another act of kindness.
Derived terms[edit]
good turn
<ENDS HERE>one hair of a woman can draw more than a hundred pair of oxen
Women have great influence on their male partners/husbands and can have anything done for them.
<ENDS HERE>one man's fish is another man's poison
(uncommon) Alternative form of one man's meat is another man's poison.
<ENDS HERE>one man's fish is another man's poisson
(uncommon, humorous) Alternative form of one man's meat is another man's poison.
<ENDS HERE>one man's meat is another man's poison
People have differing tastes; what pleases one person may displease another.
<ENDS HERE>one man's trash is another man's treasure
What is useless to one person is valuable to another.
<ENDS HERE>one may as well hang for a sheep as a lamb
If one is going to commit a sin, it may as well be a major one as a minor one.
<ENDS HERE>one nail drives out another
New people, things, or customs eventually supplant older ones.
See also[edit]
a new broom sweeps clean
<ENDS HERE>t with Venus, a lifetime with Mercury - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XeqYqApAAEYAAFU1KO4AAAAV","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"one_night_with_Venus,_a_lifetime_with_Mercury","wgTitle":"one night with Venus, a lifetime with Mercury","wgCurRevisionId":58093090,"wgRevisionId":58093090,"wgArticleId":7420353,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English proverbs","English terms with quotations"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":
"one_night_with_Venus,_a_lifetime_with_Mercury","wgRelevantArticleId":7420353,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready",
"ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
one night with Venus, a lifetime with Mercury
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
English[edit]
Etymology[edit]
From the use of mercury compounds in the treatment of venereal diseases before the discovery of antibiotics.
Propverb[edit]
one night with Venus, a lifetime with Mercury
A single sexual encounter can lead to a lifetime of disease and treatment.
1976,  Jenifer M. Baker,  Marine ecology and oil pollution, page 13:An eminent physiologist, in the bad old days when Salvarsan and certain other Hg compounds were the only known remedy for venereal diseases, is said to have warned his students that 'One night with Venus may mean a lifetime with Mercury'.
1995,  Claire Cooperstein,  Johanna: A Novel of the Van Gogh Family, page 112:Vincent had opted for the mercury treatment, while Theo, afraid of the time involved ("One night with Venus, a lifetime with mercury')...
1995,  J. H. L. Playfair,  Infection and immunity, page 146:Early treatments with metals (arsenic, bismuth, mercury) led to the cynical summary of syphilitic infection as 'one night with Venus, a lifetime with Mercury'.
2005,  Russell Davies,  Hope and Heartbreak, page 311:Many Welsh people had cause to regret the fact that, for one night of bliss with Venus, they spent a lifetime of regret with Mercury.
2012,  Harold Anderson,  Searching for Che, page 114:But he knew better than to get his hopes up. As the old saying went: one night in Venus and a lifetime of Mercury.
<ENDS HERE>one swallow does not a spring make
Alternative form of one swallow does not a summer make
Anagrams[edit]
one swallow does not make a spring
<ENDS HERE>one swallow does not a summer make
One instance of an event (such as the arrival of a single bird) does not necessarily indicate a trend.
1886, Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys, ch. 9:
[T]hough one swallow does not make a summer, one engagement is apt to make several, and her boys were, most of them, at the inflammable age when a spark ignites the flame.
1921 April 4, "Smile a While," The Day (USA), p. 6 (retrieved 29 Nov 2011):
One swallow does not a summer make, nor one onion a spring garden.
1969 Sept. 19, Bob Johnson, "Sports: September Madness, Spokane Daily Chronicle (USA), p. 15:
One swallow does not a summer make and one football game doesn't make a season.
2001 June 24, Susan Tifft, "The Philippines: Now the Hard Part," Time:
Added one Western diplomat: "Aquino's success undoubtedly weakens the Communists' appeal to the so-called mass base. But one swallow does not a summer make."
<ENDS HERE>one swallow does not make a spring
Alternative form of one swallow does not a summer make
Anagrams[edit]
one swallow does not a spring make
<ENDS HERE>one swallow does not make a summer
Alternative form of one swallow does not a summer make
Anagrams[edit]
one swallow does not a summer make
<ENDS HERE>one swallow doesn't a spring make
Alternative form of one swallow does not a summer make
Anagrams[edit]
one swallow doesn't make a spring
<ENDS HERE>one swallow doesn't a summer make
Alternative form of one swallow does not a summer make
Anagrams[edit]
one swallow doesn't make a summer
<ENDS HERE>one swallow doesn't make a spring
Alternative form of one swallow does not a summer make
Anagrams[edit]
one swallow doesn't a spring make
<ENDS HERE>one swallow doesn't make a summer
Alternative form of one swallow does not a summer make
Anagrams[edit]
one swallow doesn't a summer make
<ENDS HERE>one who hesitates is lost
A person who spends too much time contemplating what to do may miss a valuable but fleeting opportunity.
Synonyms[edit]
carpe diem
Antonyms[edit]
fools rush in where angels fear to tread
look before you leap
<ENDS HERE>one woman's trash is another woman's treasure
(rare) Synonym of one man's trash is another man's treasure
<ENDS HERE>one's got to do what one's got to do
A person must do what he or she feels obliged to do.
2012, Komonews.com, Suspected burglar shot dead by retired police officer
A neighbor named Dave saw the aftermath of the shooting and said he empathizes with the retired officer. "I think you gotta do what you gotta do," he said. "If they're in your house and they gotta crowbar and there's four guys, I'd want a gun, too.
2001, Warren Schultz, A Man's Garden
Sometimes a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do, even if his helpmate does not share his passion. Perhaps that's part of the attraction. Maybe a man wouldn't be so feverish about his garden if he had to share it with his partner,
<ENDS HERE>only fools and horses work
A philosophy of life, holding that people who do not look for an easy way of earning a living are foolish.
<ENDS HERE>only Nixon can go to China
Alternative form of only Nixon could go to China
<ENDS HERE>only Nixon could go to China
Only a politician or leader with an impeccable reputation of upholding particular political values could perform an action in seeming defiance of them without jeopardizing his support or credibility.
See also[edit]
Nixon in China
Nixon to China
Nixon goes to China
<ENDS HERE>only the good die young
Alternative form of the good die young
<ENDS HERE>ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny
(biology, social sciences, art, philosophy) The physical, cultural, moral, or intellectual development of each individual passes through stages similar to the developmental stages of that individual's species, society, or civilization. Not taken literally since the late 19th century.
1905, J. A. Harris, "The Importance of Investigations of Seedling Stages," Science, New Series, vol. 22, no. 554, p. 186:
With reference to seedling stages the statement that ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny must be made with great reserve.
1961, M. E. Wolfgang, "Pioneers in Criminology: Cesare Lombroso (1835-1909)," The Journal of Criminal Law, Criminology, and Police Science, vol. 52, no. 4, p. 367:
Haeckel maintained that ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny, and this idea was incorporated by Lombroso into his parallelism between the criminal and the child.
2002, B. S. Jackson, "Models in Legal History: The Case of Biblical Law," Journal of Law and Religion, vol. 18, no. 1, p. 11:
For even if we accept that "ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny," those responsible for the drafting of ancient legal documents were not children, and are hardly to be endowed with some form of infantile mentality.
<ENDS HERE>opportunity knocks at every man's door
Everybody gets opportunities.
<ENDS HERE>opportunity seldom knocks twice
Opportune times seldom appear again.
Synonyms[edit]
lightning never strikes twice in the same place
<ENDS HERE>opposites attract
People who are completely different make ideal partners.
<ENDS HERE>other days, other ways
People of the past thought and acted differently.
<ENDS HERE>out of sight, out of mind
When something is not nearby, it is forgotten about.
<ENDS HERE>out of the mouths of babes
From the comments of children, who are honest and innocent, . . . (comes truth or wisdom).
1859, Oliver Wendell Holmes, The Professor at the Breakfast Table, ch. 1:
Not only out of the mouths of babes and sucklings, but out of the mouths of fools and cheats, we may often get our truest lessons.
1906, Rudyard Kipling, Puck of Pook's Hill, ch. 10:
Again Puck translated to Kadmiel in the strange, solemn-sounding language, and at last Kadmiel laughed.
"Out of the mouths of babes do we learn," said he.
1982 May 7, John J. O'Connor, "Art: TV Weekend," New York Times (retrieved 8 Sept 2013):
Goldie Hawn  […]  insists, at times a bit too gushingly, that out of the mouths of babes will inevitably come everything spontaneous and pure in this world.
2010 Feb. 12, "First Graders' Valentines" (news video), Time (retrieved 8 Sept 2013):
(CAPTION) Out of the mouths of babes, love is explained. Brooklyn first graders write and read their valentines and describe the meaning of Valentines Day.
Usage notes[edit]
This expression is sometimes used as a stand-alone phrase, with the implied completion "comes truth or wisdom", and sometimes this expression is actually followed by words of that kind.
<ENDS HERE>out of the mouths of babes and sucklings
Alternative form of out of the mouths of babes
<ENDS HERE>patience is a virtue
It is better to be patient than impatient.
Synonyms[edit]
good things come to those who wait
<ENDS HERE>people that live in glass houses should not throw stones
Alternative form of people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
<ENDS HERE>people that live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
Alternative form of people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
<ENDS HERE>people who have, get
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>people who have, get more
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>people who live in glass houses should not throw stones
Alternative form of people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
<ENDS HERE>people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
Do not criticize others if you have similar weaknesses yourself.
Synonyms[edit]
judge not, that you be not judged
<ENDS HERE>perfect is the enemy of good
Insistence on perfection precludes gradual improvement through compromises.
Derived terms[edit]
make the perfect the enemy of the good
let the perfect be the enemy of the good
<ENDS HERE>pick your battles
Only involve yourself in disputes that you are likely to win.
See also[edit]
never fight a land war in Asia
<ENDS HERE>pile it high, sell it cheap
Selling a product at a low price allows large volumes of the product to be sold.
<ENDS HERE>pitchers have ears
Synonym of walls have ears
Related terms[edit]
little pitchers have big ears
little pitchers have long ears
<ENDS HERE>play stupid games, win stupid prizes
(humorous) If one makes poor decisions one should expect negative consequences.
Usage notes[edit]
Most often in response to violent or humiliating outcomes of poor decisions.
<ENDS HERE>plus ça change
(literally) The more it changes, the more it's the same thing (sometimes loosely translated as the more things change, the more they stay the same).
Although the outward appearance may change, fundamentals are constant.
See also[edit]
same old same old
Appendix:English examples of anapodoton
Further reading[edit]
Times change on  Wikiquote.Wikiquote
<ENDS HERE>possession is nine points of the law
Dated form of possession is nine-tenths of the law.
<ENDS HERE>possession is nine-tenths of the law
One who has possession of a thing has some right to it; a popular statement of the doctrine of adverse possession.
<ENDS HERE>power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely
The corrupting influence of power is total when one's power is total.
Lord Acton see: Wikiquote
<ENDS HERE>practice makes perfect
If one practices an activity enough, one will eventually master it.
<ENDS HERE>pressure makes diamonds
A situation where a person is under pressure gives them a chance to demonstrate their potential.
<ENDS HERE>prevention is better than cure
It is better to prevent the creation of a problem than to have to deal with it afterwards.
<ENDS HERE>pride comes before a fall
A person who is excessively proud will often suffer a setback or failure.
<ENDS HERE>pride cometh before a fall
Alternative form of pride comes before a fall
<ENDS HERE>pride goes before a fall
Alternative form of pride comes before a fall
<ENDS HERE>pride goeth before a fall
Alternative form of pride comes before a fall
<ENDS HERE>pride wenteth before a fall
(nonstandard, pseudo-archaic, hypercorrect) Alternative form of pride comes before a fall
1968, Robert Welch, American Opinion XI, page 59
By the time I reached the Navy my love of steam preceded me, and I became the stoker for a rickety steam cutter inherited from the Maine. Pride wenteth before a fall; I put the slice bar through one of the cutter’s tubes — and lost my job in a hasty exit over the side.
1979, Blossom Elfman, The Sister Act, page 44
Where was my pride? Pride wenteth before a fall. The hell with pride.
2007, David Renner, Memoirs of a Fool I, page 171
Brock’s foot touched the plate just as he and Freehan’s mitt with the ball in it met. Normally, a tie was given to the runner, but the umpire must have believed that pride wenteth before a fall and called Brock out.
Usage notes[edit]
Pride wenteth before a fall is formed as a pseudo-archaic past-tense version of pride goeth before a fall; the grammatical past-tense contemporary  would be pride went before a fall (which does not sound archaic).
<ENDS HERE>procrastination is the thief of time
If you put off doing what you ought to do, you will end up not having enough time to do it properly.
Jim: Have you started looking for a job yet?Jane: Oh, that can wait till tomorrow.Jim: Procrastination is the thief of time.
<ENDS HERE>proverbs come in pairs
Alternative form of proverbs run in pairs
1979,  Irving Howe, John Hollander, David Bromwich,  Literature as Experience: An Anthology, Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, →ISBN, page 325:Sometimes proverbs come in pairs, the first one providing the context, the second, the revision.
<ENDS HERE>proverbs go in pairs
Alternative form of proverbs run in pairs
1932,  Bertrand Russell,  “On Proverbs”, in  Mortals and others: American essays, 1931-1935‎, →ISBN, page 136:As a rule, proverbs go in pairs which say opposite things.
<ENDS HERE>proverbs hunt in pairs
Alternative form of proverbs run in pairs
<ENDS HERE>proverbs often come in pairs
Alternative form of proverbs run in pairs
<ENDS HERE>proverbs run in pairs
Every proverb seems to be contradicted by another proverb with an opposed message, such as "too many cooks spoil the broth" and "many hands make light work."
1863, Sir Richard Burton, Abeokuta and the Camaroons Mountains, vol. 1, Tinsley (London), p. 309:
Moreover, all the world over, proverbs run in pairs, and pull both ways: for the most part one neutralizes, by contradiction, the other.
Usage notes[edit]
Of the many forms which this expression takes, no one appears to be particularly dominant.
<ENDS HERE>proverbs should be sold in pairs
Alternative form of proverbs run in pairs
<ENDS HERE>proverbs should be writ in pairs
Alternative form of proverbs run in pairs
<ENDS HERE>proverbs should come in pairs
Alternative form of proverbs run in pairs
<ENDS HERE>proverbs should go in pairs
Alternative form of proverbs run in pairs
<ENDS HERE>race on Sunday, sell on Monday
Alternative form of what wins on Sunday sells on Monday
<ENDS HERE>ready, fire, aim
Used as a reminder that prompt action is often better than thoroughly planned action, especially in business.
Anagrams[edit]
ready, aim, fire
<ENDS HERE>real men don't eat quiche
(aphorism, humorous) The stereotypical man does not do things that are considered effeminate.
Related terms[edit]
quiche-eater
<ENDS HERE>render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's
One must give something (especially taxes) owed to the relevant authority.
<ENDS HERE>respice finem
look to the end; consider the final outcome
<ENDS HERE>revenge is a dish best served cold
Emotional detachment is preferable when taking revenge.
<ENDS HERE>Rome wasn't built in a day
It takes a long time to create something complicated or impressive.
I know this project is a big undertaking, but you need to have patience and be hopeful. Remember that Rome wasn't built in a day.
<ENDS HERE>Rome wasn't burned in a day
It takes a long time to destroy something complicated or impressive.
<ENDS HERE>rubbish in, rubbish out
(Britain) Alternative form of garbage in, garbage out
<ENDS HERE>rules are made to be broken
it is acceptable to break rules.
Alternative forms[edit]
rules are meant to be broken
rules are there to be broken
Antonyms[edit]
rules are rules
<ENDS HERE>rules are rules
The rules are certain and cannot be ignored or worked around.
Alternative forms[edit]
rules is rules (slang, nonstandard)
Antonyms[edit]
rules are made to be broken
See also[edit]
you gotta do what you gotta do
<ENDS HERE>rules is rules
(slang, nonstandard) Alternative form of rules are rules
<ENDS HERE>sauce for the goose
Synonym of what's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander
<ENDS HERE>scientia potentia est
Knowledge is power; with knowledge or education, one's potential or abilities in life will certainly increase.
Synonyms[edit]
scientia est potentia, scientia potestas est
Coordinate terms[edit]
sapientia est potentia (wisdom is power)
Derived terms[edit]
ipsa scientia potestas est (knowledge itself is power)
<ENDS HERE>see Naples and die
Once one has seen the Italian city of Naples, one can die peacefully, since nothing else can match its beauty.
<ENDS HERE>seeing is believing
(idiomatic) You need to see something to believe it; visible facts cannot be denied.
1712, John Arbuthnot, The History of John Bull:
There's nothing like Matter of Fact; Seeing is Believing.
1848, J. C. and A. W. Hare, Guesses at Truth, second edition, page 497:
Seeing is believing, says the proverb. Though, of all our senses, the eyes are the most easily deceived, we believe them in preference to any other evidence.
(idiomatic) I am skeptical about your claim.
They said their product will be ready for shipment in two months and we could even "take that to the bank", but we've heard that before. Seeing is believing.
<ENDS HERE>seek and ye shall find
Something can be found if it is looked for.
<ENDS HERE>sell in May
Alternative form of sell in May and go away
Anagrams[edit]
seminally
<ENDS HERE>sell in May and go away
(business, stock market) Stock market securities can be expected to increase in value to a greater degree in the months from November through April than in the months from May through October, and profit-minded investors should manage their portfolios accordingly.
2002 Aug. 23, "Jumping but jumpy," The Economist (retrieved 11 Oct 2015):
If ever there was a year in which, as the saying goes, “to sell in May and go away”, this was surely it. . . . From the beginning of May, when the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood above 10,000, it slid to a low in July of 7,702.
2009 May 15, Ben Steverman, "Stocks: Sell or Stay in May?," Businessweek (retrieved 11 Oct 2015):
"Sell in May, and go away" is an old English proverb, but it does have some basis in reality. In the 1980s, Yale Hirsch, founder of the Stock Trader's Almanac, crunched the numbers. . . . From 1950 to 2007, the market from May to October provided an average annual gain of 0.6%, enough to earn $1,021 on $10,000 in those years. But if you had invested only in the "best six months," from November to April, your average gain would have been 7.6%, netting you $531,444 over those 58 years.
2011 April 25, Josh Lipton, "Should You Sell in May and Go Away?," Forbes (retrieved 11 Oct 2015):
One such truism is this: “Sell in May and go away”, meaning investors are best advised to sell stocks at the beginning of May and return to the equity market at the end of October.
Synonyms[edit]
buy when it snows, sell when it goes
See also[edit]
buy low, sell high
<ENDS HERE>sell in May and stay away
Alternative form of sell in May and go away
<ENDS HERE>sell in May then go away
Alternative form of sell in May and go away
<ENDS HERE>sell in May, then go away
Alternative form of sell in May and go away
<ENDS HERE>sell in May, then stay away
Alternative form of sell in May and go away
<ENDS HERE>set a beggar on horseback and he'll ride to the Devil
A person unaccustomed to wealth or luxury will easily be corrupted by it.
See also[edit]
zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse
<ENDS HERE>shallow brooks are noisy
People who do not consider things deeply often chatter or talk a lot.
2002,  M. Scott Peck,  The Road Less Traveled, 25th Anniversary Edition, →ISBN, page 156:To the contrary, psychiatrists know well the truth of the old proverbs "Shallow brooks are noisy" and "Still waters run deep." We must not assume that someone whose feelings are modulated and controlled is not a passionate person.
1861,  Reginald Neale Shutte,  A Memoir of the Late Rev. Henry Newland, M.A, page 149:Shallow brooks are noisy; deep waters are smooth. Depend upon it, when a man is deeply and strongly impressed with the truth of his own convictions, he is in no way tempted to rail at his neighbour.
2014,  Student vs IAS T20: love is god and mercy divine, →ISBN:My mother called me and asked, "Can you tell me the meaning of this, son. The deep river moves with silent majesty, but shallow brooks are noisy?"
See also[edit]
empty vessels make the most noise
still waters run deep
<ENDS HERE>short reckonings make long friends
Borrowed money should be paid back as soon as possible.
<ENDS HERE>show, don't tell
Advice to writers: convey an impression by the way that events are described in the narrative, and not by explicitly stating facts.
<ENDS HERE>shy bairns get noot
(Geordie) Alternative spelling of shy bairns get nowt
<ENDS HERE>shy bairns get nowt
(Geordie) If you're too shy, or don't ask, you will not get what you want.
A' forgot te ask 'er fo' me money back!Wye, shy bairns get nowt.
1994,  Fiona Cooper,  A Skyhook in the Midnight Sun, London; New York, N.Y.: Serpent's Tail, →ISBN, page 121:Aye, Mary, we heard you. How could we not? Ah well, shy bairns get nowt. Will we let her at the microphone and give me a bit peace?
2007,  “Rob [Rob has a Six-year-old Son who was Infected with Cytomegalovirus as a Baby]”, in Jill Harrison, Matthew Henderson, and Rob Leonard, editors, Different Dads: Fathers’ Stories of Parenting Disabled Children, London; Philadelphia, Pa.: Jessica Kingsley Publishers, →ISBN, page 37:Ask questions, enquire, and push for more information and care. As the saying goes in the north-east, ‘shy bairns get nowt’! Know your rights and what you are entitled to by pushing and not taking no for an answer.
2011,  John Marrin,  “Ten Tips on Taking the Lead”, in  Leadership for Dummies (For Dummies Series), Chichester, West Sussex: John Wiley, →ISBN, page 297:An old Geordie saying says: ‘Shy bairns get nowt!’ It literally means ‘shy children get nothing’, but is used to emphasise that people should speak up for themselves. I think that this saying applies to leaders.
Usage notes[edit]
The proverb is used widely in the North East of England, United Kingdom, to encourage children to speak up and not to be too shy. However, it may also be used to imply that an adult is too shy or unassertive.
Alternative forms[edit]
shy bairns get noot
<ENDS HERE>silence is golden
Peace and quiet have great value.
1877, Charles Reade, The Woman Hater, ch. 21:
"I adore good music, I hate bad, and I despise mediocre. Silence is golden, indeed, compared with poor music."
Often the best choice is to say nothing.
1897, Horatio Alger, Walter Sherwood's Probation, ch. 2:
But I have spoken long enough. There are times when silence is golden, and one of those times is at hand.
Antonyms[edit]
speech is silver
Related terms[edit]
speech is silver, silence is golden
<ENDS HERE>sisters before misters
A woman should prioritize her female friends over her boyfriend or husband.
2008, Nancy Robards Thompson, Accidental Princess, Harlequin (2008), →ISBN, page 110:
When Sophie was a teenager, she and her friends had a "sisters before misters" pact, meaning they'd never date each other's exes and they'd never let a guy come between their friendship.
Quotations[edit]
For more examples of usage of this term, see Citations:sisters before misters.
Synonyms[edit]
chicks before dicks (vulgar)
See also[edit]
bros before hoes
<ENDS HERE>six of one, half a dozen of the other
(idiomatic) The two alternatives are equivalent or indifferent; it doesn't matter which one we choose.
(idiomatic, of two people) Equally involved; equally responsible
Synonyms[edit]
(the two alternatives are equivalent or indifferent): as broad as long, potayto, potahto, same difference, six to one, half dozen to another, six and two threes, sixes, tomayto, tomahto, whatever
<ENDS HERE>slow and steady wins the race
Patient work will eventually conquer any problem.
<ENDS HERE>slow but sure wins the race
Alternative form of slow and steady wins the race
<ENDS HERE>so far so good
(idiomatic) Up to this point, all is OK.
Well, you've packed your bags for the holiday, bought your tickets, reserved the hotel and put the dog in kennels. So far so good; now let's get to Minorca.
<ENDS HERE>some days you get the bear, other days the bear gets you
One cannot always overcome a powerful adversary.
<ENDS HERE>something is better than nothing
It is better to be contented over something than to have nothing at all.
See also[edit]
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
<ENDS HERE>sometimes you eat the bear and sometimes the bear eats you
(US) Sometimes you win and sometimes you are defeated; everybody has successes and failures.
<ENDS HERE>sow the wind and reap the whirlwind
Alternative form of sow the wind, reap the whirlwind
<ENDS HERE>sow the wind, reap the whirlwind
Every decision has consequences; a person's actions will come back to them; if one starts trouble or takes actions in spite of the discontent they cause, one will incur negative consequences.
Synonyms[edit]
what goes around comes around
reap what you sow
<ENDS HERE>spare the rod and spoil the child
If one does not discipline a child, he or she will never learn obedience and good manners.
<ENDS HERE>speak of the devil and he appears
(idiomatic) Synonym of speak of the devil
<ENDS HERE>speak softly and carry a big stick
Do not boast or utter verbal threats, but do make others aware that you are prepared to use physical force if necessary.
1903 April 3, Theodore Roosevelt, President Roosevelt's Speech on the Monroe Doctrine," Arizona Journal-Miner, p. 4 (retrieved 19 Dec 2011):
There is a homely old adage which runs: "Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far."
1917, Thorstein Veblen, The Nature of Peace, Introductory:
Under any governmental auspices, as the modern world knows governments, the keeping of the peace comes at its best under the precept, "Speak softly and carry a big stick."
1999 Jan. 17, Tom Kuntz, "Word for Word/Representative James A. Traficant Jr.," New York Times (retrieved 19 Dec 2011):
When it comes to China, we have gone from "Speak softly and carry a big stick" to "Take the fifth and carry a toothpick". (from a Congressional speech by Rep. James Traficant, June 22, 1998)
<ENDS HERE>speech is silver, but silence is golden
Alternative form of speech is silver, silence is golden
<ENDS HERE>speech is silver, silence is gold
Alternative form of speech is silver, silence is golden
<ENDS HERE>speech is silver, silence is golden
Not to say anything is often better than speaking too much or saying something inappropriate.
Related terms[edit]
silver tongue
golden silence
<ENDS HERE>spitters are quitters
(sex, informal, vulgar) It is better to swallow a sexual partner's semen after oral sex than to spit it out.
2013,  Chelsea M. Cameron,  Sweet Surrendering‎[1], →ISBN:“I'm going to come. You need to stop unless you want me to do it in your mouth.” His voice was ragged and he was coming undone and I was thinking maybe I wasn't so bad at this after all and then his hand tightened on the back of my head and it was too late. I swallowed and then grinned up at him. “Spitters are quitters.” I rose to my feet as he collapsed on the bed again.
2015,  Caspar Vega,  The Sexorcism of Amber Holloway‎[2]:She takes it in her mouth almost reflexively. She sucks and jerks simultaneously. There's no way I can hold back. Ninety seconds of this and I've exploded all up in her throat. She swallows. Like a champion. Spitters are quitters.
<ENDS HERE>the squeaky wheel gets the grease
The person who complains or speaks up most loudly receives the redress or attention which he or she seeks.
1995, Roger Zelazny and Robert Sheckley, A Farce To Be Reckoned With, Bantam, →ISBN, p. 13:
You know perfectly well that the squeaky wheel gets the grease, and that if you don't complain nothing ever changes.
Related terms[edit]
squeaky wheel
<ENDS HERE>squeaky wheels get oiled
Alternative form of squeaky wheel gets the grease
<ENDS HERE>start from where you are
Achievement requires realism.
<ENDS HERE>sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
A group of cooperating people can succeed in a situation where an individual person cannot.
2013, "The Father, His Sons, and The Bundle of Sticks," Fables of Aesop (retrieved 21 May 2017):
Sticks in a bundle can’t be broken but sticks taken singly can be easily broken. Same applies to people.
2014 August 17, Morgana West, "Sticks in a bundle are unbreakable", Glaston Centre (UK) (retrieved 13 May 2017):
Sticks in a bundle are unbreakable. So says the inspirational Kenyan proverb extolling the power of Unity.
2016 April 7, "Sticks In A Bundle Can't Be Broken: There is Strength in Numbers", SylRenner.com (retrieved 13 May 2017):
The children learn that there is a whole lot more that they can do together. . . . [W]hen you join together, like sticks in a bundle, you are much stronger.
2016, Simon Pegg et al., Star Trek Beyond, approx 110 min.:
Scotty: My wee granny used to say, "Ya cannae break a stick in a bundle."
See also[edit]
there is strength in numbers
united we stand, divided we fall
unity is strength
fasces
<ENDS HERE>sticks in a bundle cannot be broken
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>sticks in a bundle can't be broken
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>still water runs deep
Alternative form of still waters run deep
Anagrams[edit]
still waters run deep
<ENDS HERE>still waters run deep
A person with a calm appearance has, or may have, considerable inner emotion, character, or intellect.
1822, Catharine Maria Sedgwick, "A New-England Tale":
I always knew she was an artful jade; 'still waters run deep;' but she shall be exposed, the mask shall be stripped from the hypocrite.
1885, Thomas Hardy, "A Mere Interlude":
But still waters run deep; and no crisis had come in the years of her early maidenhood to demonstrate what lay hidden within her, like metal in a mine.
1903, Samuel Butler, The Way of All Flesh, ch. 58:
Baxter had never known of any goings on in that quarter, but, bless you, still waters run deep, and these girls were all alike, one as bad as the other.
2003 June 8, Alice Elliott Dark, "Book Review: Rainy Day Woman," New York Times (retrieved 9 July 2008):
Isabel Pierce, the central character of Sweetwater, Roxana Robinson's fluid third novel, gives the appearance of being a thoughtful, reserved, quiet woman who won't rock any boats in her life. Yet she harbors passions; it might be said of her that still waters run deep.
<ENDS HERE>stupid is as stupid does
A person's lack of intelligence may be judged by their actions.
<ENDS HERE>success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone
Success is achieved by hard work, not by merely wishing for it.
<ENDS HERE>success has many fathers, failure is an orphan
Many people will seek credit for success, but few will accept responsibility for failure.
<ENDS HERE>sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof
No need to worry about the future; the present provides enough to worry about.
Synonyms[edit]
never cross a bridge before you come to it
<ENDS HERE>sunlight is the best disinfectant
(usually public policy or management) Transparency about the workings of an organization prevents corruption.
1989 Jan. 5, Phil Berger, "Lawyers Slug It Out In Tyson-Cayton Case," New York Times (retrieved 8 Jan 2016):
"Sunlight is the best disinfectant," said Puccio in explaining his decision to open the proceeding to reporters.
1999 March 15, Michael Kinsley, "The Trouble with Scoops," Time (retrieved 8 Jan 2016):
The basic premise of a scoop is that you're bringing important facts to public attention. Your philosophical touchstone is Justice Louis Brandeis' bromide that sunlight is the best disinfectant.
2009 June 21, Catherine Bennett, "No one gains from blowing the cover of this secret policeman," Guardian (UK) (retrieved 8 Jan 2016):
"Sunlight is the best disinfectant," he said. "We must change our practices and our mindset, moving from a culture of secrecy to one of complete openness and accountability."
<ENDS HERE>take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves
Alternative form of take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves
<ENDS HERE>take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves
If you take care of little things one at a time, they can add up to big things.
1750, Chesterfield, letter 5 Feb. (1932) IV. 1500:
Old Mr. Lowndes, the famous Secretary of the Treasury, ‥used to say‥Take care of the pence, and the pounds will take care of themselves.
1912, G. B. Shaw, Pygmalion ii. 132:
Take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves is as true of personal habits as of money.
1979, R. Cassilis, Arrow of God, iv. xvii.:
Little things, Master Mally. Look after the pennies, Master Mally, and the pounds will look after themselves.
1999, ‘H. Crane’, Miss Seeton's Finest Hour, xi. 92:
‘Yes, it sounds on the melodramatic side,’ he said cheerfully, ‘but in wartime you can't be too careful about the smallest detail. Think of it as along the lines of taking care of the pennies, and the pounds will take care of themselves.’
Synonyms[edit]
a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
many a mickle makes a muckle
every little helps
Antonyms[edit]
don't be penny-wise and pound-foolish
<ENDS HERE>take the cash and let the credit go
Exploit and enjoy the opportunities and pleasures available here and now and do not invest effort pursuing prospective future gratifications.
1898, Henry Harland, "Merely Players" in Comedies and Errors, p. 52 (Google preview):
"I will live my life, alone with the few people I find to my liking. I will take the cash and let the credit go."
1913, Josiah Royce, in Introduction to The Foundations of Science by Henri Poincaré, authorized translation by George Bruce Halsted, (text at Project Gutenberg):
Why not "take the cash and let the credit go"? Why pursue the elusive theoretical "unification" any further, when what we daily get from our sciences is an increasing wealth of detailed information and of practical guidance?
1927, Irving Babbit, "Buddha and the Occident" in On Literature, Cultures, and Religion (2006 edition), →ISBN, p. 251 (Google preview):
[N]o religious teacher was ever more opposed than Buddha in his scheme of salvation to every form of postponement and procrastination. He would have his followers take the cash and let the credit go—though the cash in this case is not the immediate pleasure but the immediate peace.
1946 Jan. 28, "Education: Violator," Time (retrieved 3 Aug 2014):
William Harding Johnson, $15,000-a-year superintendent of Chicago's school system, has been content to take the cash and let the credit go. He has made good money by co-authoring textbooks for Chicago's schools and from his tutoring school for teachers.
1977, Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly (2011 edition), →ISBN, Author's Note (Google preview):
"Take the cash and let the credit go," as Villon said in 1460. But that is a mistake if the cash is a penny and the credit a whole lifetime.
Usage notes[edit]
Famously used by Edward FitzGerald (1809-1883) in The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam:
Some for the Glories of This World; and some
Sigh for the Prophet's Paradise to come;
Ah, take the Cash, and let the Credit go,
Nor heed the rumble of a distant Drum!
Synonyms[edit]
carpe diem
gather rosebuds
seize the day
See also[edit]
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
better an egg today than a hen tomorrow
<ENDS HERE>take time by the forelock
(imperative) Seize an opportunity when it is only available for a limited time.
Synonyms[edit]
make hay while the sun shines
strike while the iron is hot
<ENDS HERE>takes one to know one
Alternative form of it takes one to know one
<ENDS HERE>talk is cheap
(idiomatic) It is easy to make boastful or unrealistic statements which are not supported by actions or evidence.
1915,  Jack London,  chapter 2, in  The Star-Rover:Cecil Winwood accepted the test. He claimed that he could dope the guards the night of the break. "Talk is cheap," said Long Bill Hodge. "What we want is the goods. Dope one of the guards to-night."
<ENDS HERE>tly and carry a big stick - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XetvrgpAICAAAD9EuvUAAACO","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"talk_softly_and_carry_a_big_stick","wgTitle":"talk softly and carry a big stick","wgCurRevisionId":54967495,"wgRevisionId":54967495,"wgArticleId":3370768,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":"talk_softly_and_carry_a_big_stick","wgRelevantArticleId"
:3370768,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready",
"mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
talk softly and carry a big stick
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
English[edit]
Verb[edit]
talk softly and carry a big stick
Alternative form of speak softly and carry a big stick
<ENDS HERE>tempus fugit
(phrasal, idiomatic) time flies (used as an alternative to this phrase).
"Meanwhile, the irreplaceable time escapes", expressing concern that one's limited time is being consumed by something which may have little intrinsic substance or importance at that moment.
Quotations[edit]
c. 1552–1618. Sir Walter Ralegh. The Nymph's Reply To The Shepherd (poem)
1859 "Two Years Before the Mast" (book), epilogue. By Richard Henry Dana Jr.
1980. Tempus fugit (song) by the progressive rock group Yes, from the album Drama.
1992. Tempus Fugit (song) by Miles Davis, from the album The Capitol and Blue Note Years: The Best of Miles Davis.
1997. Tempus Fugit (TV episode), The X-Files.
1999. Relativity (TV episode), season 5 of Star Trek: Voyager, Lt. Ducane uses the phrase.
Derived terms[edit]
Tempus Fugue it
Temple Fugate
<ENDS HERE>that which doesn't kill you makes you stronger
Hardship and difficult experiences build moral character.
<ENDS HERE>that's the way it goes
That is the way things happen.
Synonyms[edit]
that's the way life is
that's the way the ball bounces
that's the way the cookie crumbles
that's the way the world wags
<ENDS HERE>that's the way life is
That is the way things happen
Certain things cannot be changed, helped or improved; struggle and objection are pointless.
1935,  Louis Bromfield,  The Man Who Had Everything‎[1],], page 279:That's the way life is, and there's no use trying to go against it.
1979, Jay Edward Abrams, A Theology of Christian Counseling: More Than Redemption [2], →ISBN, page 45:
There are no standards, no values; that's the way life is. Learn to accept it and slide with it. Stop fighting it.
2002, B. Eugene Ellison, Rings of the Templars, →ISBN, page 337:
Shit happens; that's the way life is. In fact, I want you to take an additional thousand for your efforts.
Synonyms[edit]
that's life
that's the way it goes
that's the way the ball bounces
that's the way the cookie crumbles
that's the way the mop flops
that's the way the world wags
tough shit
<ENDS HERE>that's the way the ball bounces
That is the way things happen
Synonyms[edit]
that's the way life is
that's the way the cookie crumbles
that's the way the mop flops
that's the way the world wags
that's the way the burger burns
See also[edit]
that's life
that's fate
<ENDS HERE>that's the way the cookie crumbles
That is the way things happen; that's life.
Synonyms[edit]
that's the way the ball bounces
that's the way the mop flops
them's the breaks
See also[edit]
shit happens
<ENDS HERE>that's the way the mop flops
That is the way things happen.
Synonyms[edit]
that's the way life is
that's the way the ball bounces
that's the way the cookie crumbles
that's the way the world wags
See also[edit]
that's life
that's fate
<ENDS HERE>the apple does not fall far from the stem
Alternative form of apple does not fall far from the tree
<ENDS HERE>the apple does not fall far from the tree
(idiomatic) A child grows up to be similar to its parents, both in behavior and in physical characteristics.
1842, E. A. Freidlaender (translator), Frederika Bremer (author), The Neighbours, ch. 10:
It is impossible to look at Madam Rhen, without at once making the conclusion that she is pleasantness, hospitality, and loquacity itself; nor can one look upon her daughter Renetta without thinking, "the apple does not fall far from the tree!"
1978, Dr. Isador Rosenfeld, "Doctor Asks Patient ‘Where The Action Is’," Pittsburgh Press, 3 July, p. C1 (retrieved 16 Oct 2010):
It's important that I know what diseases affect other members of your immediate family, because "the apple does not fall far from the tree."
<ENDS HERE>the apple does not fall far from the trunk
Alternative form of apple does not fall far from the tree
<ENDS HERE>the apple doesn't fall far from the tree
Alternative form of apple does not fall far from the tree
<ENDS HERE>the apple never falls far from the tree
Alternative form of the apple does not fall far from the tree
<ENDS HERE>the apples on the other side of the wall are the sweetest
Synonym of the grass is always greener on the other side
<ENDS HERE>the bad penny always comes back
Alternative form of a bad penny always turns up
<ENDS HERE>the bad penny always turns up
Alternative form of a bad penny always turns up
<ENDS HERE>the best defence is attack
Synonym of attack is the best form of defence
<ENDS HERE>the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry
No matter how a project is planned, accidents or misfortune can still happen with it.
1785, To a Mouse, Robert Burns
But mouse, you are not alone,In proving foresight may be vain;The best laid schemes of mice and men go often askewAnd leave us nothing but grief and pain,For promised joy!
Synonyms[edit]
man plans and God laughs
<ENDS HERE>the best things in life are free
The most valuable things in life (e.g.: friendship, courtesy) cost nothing.
<ENDS HERE>the bigger they are, the harder they fall
The larger or the higher rank something is, the more disastrous and spectacular its downfall.
<ENDS HERE>the cake is a lie
(Internet slang) The end being pursued is unattainable or misguided; the reward promised is false.
2011, Nick Martin, "A Hit Sitcom In Just Five Easy Steps!", Buzz Weekly, 15 December 2011, page 6:
The jokes are cake, and the cake is a lie — fan-service tricking nerds into watching a show designed for adults who vote Republican (Middle America!).
2012, James Margeson, "The quiet assault on public education", The Sphinx (University of Liverpool), March 2012, page 9:
The assumption that a degree will vastly improve future earnings is increasingly misleading. By their very nature high paid jobs are exclusive and limited in number. "The cake is a lie."
2012 12 November, J. L. Hilton, Stellarnet Prince, Carina Press (2012), →ISBN, page 320:
“One shitty leader doesn't mean the cake is a lie. One man's decisions don't invalidate everything else—the ideals, the history, the words etched in marble and the sacrifices of all the people who make the United States a just and safe place to live.”
For more examples of usage of this term, see Citations:the cake is a lie.
See also[edit]
chase a rainbow
wild-goose chase
<ENDS HERE>the cat would eat fish but would not wet her feet
In order to achieve something, it is inevitable and necessary that some sacrifices must occur.
Synonyms[edit]
you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs
you've got to crack a few eggs to make an omelette
you don't get something for nothing
no pain, no gain
<ENDS HERE>the chickens come home to roost
(idiomatic) A person's past wrongdoings will return to negatively affect them.
1846, Lydia Maria Child, The Mother's Book, C.S. Francis & Co. (6th ed., 1st ed. from 1844), page 98.
Never were truer words than the Spanish proverb, ‘All lies, like chickens, come home to roost.’
Opponents see the latest indictments as a case of the chickens coming home to roost.
<ENDS HERE>the cobbler's children are the worst shod
One often neglects those closest to oneself.
Synonyms[edit]
the shoemaker's children go barefoot
<ENDS HERE>the course of true love never did run smooth
There will always be problems in a romantic relationship.
See also[edit]
true love
<ENDS HERE>the cow knows not the worth of its tail till it loses it
Synonym of you never miss the water till the well runs dry
<ENDS HERE>the cowl does not make the monk
The superficial trappings of something are unrelated to its true essence.
<ENDS HERE>the customer is always right
Service staff should give high priority to customer satisfaction.
<ENDS HERE>the darkest hour is always just before the dawn
Alternative form of the darkest hour is just before the dawn
<ENDS HERE>the darkest hour is just before the dawn
The worst situation comes before a good one.
2017 September 13,  “Dispute over casino funds casts pall over falls”, in  Niagara Gazette:“Sometimes the darkest hour is just before the dawn,” he said.
2016 December 16,  “A$AP Ferg Adds Intensity to Sevdaliza’s “That Damaged Girl””, in  XXL Mag:“‘The darkest hour is just before dawn.’ I indulged myself in total chaos, ordering it made me get clearance again,” Sevdaliza said via email. Her debut album is set for 2017.
2015 April 4,  Alfred Conua,  “Examining Why New Day Failed as a Babyface Stable”, in  Bleacher Report:The New Day's downfall was a combination of bad storytelling and an ill-advised gimmick in a cynical era. But the overly positive group will be the first to tell you that the darkest hour is just before the dawn.
<ENDS HERE>the devil makes work for idle hands
Alternative form of idle hands are the devil's workshop
<ENDS HERE>the devil we know is better than the devil we don't
Alternative form of better the devil you know than the devil you don't know
<ENDS HERE>the devil we know is better than the devil we don't know
Alternative form of better the devil you know than the devil you don't know
<ENDS HERE>the devil you know is better than the devil you don't
Alternative form of better the devil you know than the devil you don't know
<ENDS HERE>the devil you know is better than the devil you don't know
Alternative form of better the devil you know than the devil you don't know
<ENDS HERE>the dogs bark, but the caravan goes on
History (or progress) moves ahead, no matter the criticism it may attract.
<ENDS HERE>the dose makes the poison
(toxicology) The damage that a substance causes is more determined more by its quantity than its essence.
<ENDS HERE>the early bird catches the worm
Alternative form of the early bird gets the worm
<ENDS HERE>the early bird gets the worm
Whoever arrives first has the best chance of success; some opportunities are only available to the first competitors.
Related terms[edit]
early to bed, early to rise
<ENDS HERE>the end justifies the means
Morally wrong actions are sometimes necessary to achieve morally right outcomes; actions can only be considered morally right or wrong by virtue of the morality of the outcome.
Usage notes[edit]
Apart from the negation, a common retort is that immoral or violent means “corrupt the ends”.
Related terms[edit]
all's fair in love and war
<ENDS HERE>the ends justify the means
Alternative form of the end justifies the means
<ENDS HERE>the enemy of my enemy is my friend
It is sometimes necessary to cooperate with a person one does not like or agree with, in order to combat a common threat.
<ENDS HERE>the eyes are the window to the soul
You can tell a lot about a person from their eyes.
<ENDS HERE>the family that prays together stays together
Shared religious observance strengthens family stability.
2007,  Clyde A. Bonar,  Amen, I Say to You:Remember, the family that prays together stays together. Start with routine prayer, like saying a blessing at each meal.
2010,  Julie Hanlon Rubio,  Family Ethics: Practices for Christians, page 214:One does not have to read far into any Christian text on prayer to find the affirmation, “The family that prays together stays together.” Stanley Hauerwas questions the appropriateness of this aphorism, pointing out how an overemphasis on family stability can displace the fundamental role of the church and misconstrue the point of prayer.
2011,  Calvin Miller,  Letters to a Young Pastor:They will get misty eyed and tell you that they believe families should worship together; after all, “the family that prays together stays together.”
2014,  Melanie E. Brewster,  Atheists in America, page 137:Captured by the adage “the family that prays together stays together”— individuals in the United States feel that shared religious beliefs are a glue that strenghten familial bonds and deepen love between relatives.
<ENDS HERE>the fewer the better fare
Things are better when fewer people are involved.
More food and drink are available per person if fewer people are there to consume it.
Antonyms[edit]
the more the merrier
See also[edit]
too many cooks spoil the broth
<ENDS HERE>the fish rots from the head
Bad leaders damage an organization.
<ENDS HERE>the fox may grow grey but never good
One cannot change one's nature, no matter how much time passes.
Synonyms[edit]
the wolf may lose his teeth but never his nature
a leopard cannot change its spots
<ENDS HERE>the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you get
(vulgar) The sexual satisfactions that one receives from a spouse or romantic partner are not sufficient to compensate for the significant periods of bad faith and unpleasant treatment which such relationships routinely involve.
1971,  Allen Churchill,  The Literary Decade, →ISBN:Years later she expressed her disillusionment with sex by saying, "The fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you get."
1999,  Ben Sonnenberg,  Lost Property: Memoirs and Confessions of a Bad Boy‎[1], →ISBN, page 93:Maitland got drunk at his parties and threw his arm around you and pulled you over to his wife and made you look down her dress, saying, "The trouble with marriage is that the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you get."
2008,  Joseph Heywood,  Blue Wolf In Green Fire‎[2], →ISBN, page 63:"I can't believe a little pussy got me into dis mess." "Shit happens," Service said. "Sometimes the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you get."
Usage notes[edit]
A play on words which first uses the term fucking literally and then uses it figuratively.
<ENDS HERE>the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you take
Alternative form of the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you get
<ENDS HERE>the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you're going to get
Alternative form of the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you get
<ENDS HERE>the good die young
Well-regarded people who are morally upright, kind, and beneficent tend to die at a younger age than do most people.
1895,  John Kendrick Bangs,  chapter 9, in  The Idiot:"You'll live," put in Mr. Pedagog, with a chuckle. "The good die young."
1906, E. Phillips Oppenheim,  The Malefactor, Book 1, ch. 12:
[I]t is the men and women with vices who have ruled the world. The good die young because there is no useful work for them to do.
1930 April 14, "Weyler Well," Time (retrieved 10 April 2014):
"The good die young," is a favorite, sardonic saying of General Don Valeriano Weyler y Nicolau, Marquess of Tenerife, Grandee of Spain, long famed among U. S. citizens as "Butcher Weyler" because of his ruthless military governorship of Cuba, prime cause of the Spanish-American war (1896-97).
In Madrid last week the doughty "Butcher," now aged 91, arose fully convalescent from a sickness during which Death had been expected hourly for weeks. "Pah!" growled he. "My doctors, my family had no cause for alarm. I had only pneumonia!"
2009 March 28, Anahan O'Connor and Colin Moynihan, "Pregnant Woman Killed When Van Jumps Curb," New York Times (retrieved 10 April 2014):
A 28-year-old pregnant woman was killed and a second woman was seriously injured on Friday afternoon when a driver, apparently intoxicated and following the women as they walked down a Midtown Manhattan street, lost control of a supermarket maintenance van. . . . “It hasn’t really sunk in,” said Ms. Ramos’s sister. . . . “The good die young,” she said.
Usage notes[edit]
Often used sarcastically or gloomily with the connotation that justice is lacking in the moral order of the world.
See also[edit]
nice guys finish last
<ENDS HERE>the grass is always greener
Alternative form of the grass is always greener on the other side
<ENDS HERE>the grass is always greener on the other side
The others' circumstances seem more desirable than one's own but in reality are often not.
<ENDS HERE>the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence
Alternative form of the grass is always greener on the other side
<ENDS HERE>the grey mare is the better horse
The wife, not the husband, is in charge of the household.
<ENDS HERE>the hand that rocks the cradle is the hand that rules the world
Alternative form of the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world
<ENDS HERE>the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world
Women, particularly mothers, have a decisive influence on the future direction of society because they raise and nurture the next generation.
1865, William Ross Wallace, "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle":
Blessings on the hand of women! . . .
For the hand that rocks the cradle
Is the hand that rules the world.
1892,  Kate Douglas Wiggin,  chapter 2, in  Children's Rights and Others: A Book of Nursery Logic:We talk a great deal about the strength of early impressions. I wonder if we mean all we say; we do not live up to it, at all events. "In childish play deep meaning lies." "The hand that rocks the cradle is the hand that rules the world." "Give me the first six years of a child's life, and I care not who has the rest."
1922,  D. H. Lawrence,  chapter 8, in  Fantasia of the Unconscious:Woman meanwhile becomes the fearless, inwardly relentless, determined positive party. She grips the responsibility. The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.
1981 Nov. 15, Paul A. Colinvaux, "Women's Work" (book review of The Woman That Never Evolved by Sarah Blaffer Hrdy, New York Times (retrieved 26 Oct 2012):
Men rationalize their dominant estate: Woman's lot is to be the homemaker, the child raiser, the provider of sons; the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.
2004 March 8, "Editorial: Restoring women's dignity," Ceylon Daily News (Sri Lanka) (retrieved 26 Oct 2012):
President Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga . . . quoted Kenyan Bishop Ndimbe's memorable words: "Train a man, you train an individual, train a woman you build a nation." This is the same as saying that the "hand that rocks the cradle rules the world".
<ENDS HERE>the heart wants what it wants
Two people will love each other no matter the circumstances.
<ENDS HERE>the house always wins
In a casino, all gambling is designed so that the house (i.e. the casino owners) will always net a profit, regardless of the successes of the patrons
Don't go to that casino. All their games are designed to make you lose more money than you earn, so that the house always wins.
(by extension) Any economic system is designed to net a profit for the capital holders
The more we sell in our shop, the more profit for all of us. Our customers will be happy, but the house always wins.
<ENDS HERE>the jug goes to the well until it breaks
Even though you can use something, it may contain flaws that will lead it to ultimately fail.
2009,  Franz Knoll & ‎Thomas Vogel,  Design for Robustness, →ISBN, page 78:“The jug goes to the well until it breaks” – this may not be so terrible involving a jug – translated to the failure of a scaffolding assembly, it may, however, involve loss of life.
2013,  Hubert Kennedy -,  The Ideal Gay Man: The Story of Der Kreis, →ISBN, page 197:It was not the mother herself, but good neighbor women who uncovered the danger. And as always in such cases: the jug goes to the well until it breaks! The court sentenced the man to two years in a penitentiary, five years loss of civic right, and expulsion from this country for ten years, although he had not previously been sentenced.
2015,  Hermann Kauders,  And God Created Bedbugs Too, →ISBN:“The jug goes to the well until it breaks,” said Xandi. Brigitte frequently quoted the saying when confronted by her boys' obstinacy.
Synonyms[edit]
the pitcher goes so often to the well, that it is broken at last
<ENDS HERE>the law is a ass
Alternative form of the law is an ass
<ENDS HERE>the law is an ass
The law, as created by legislators or as administered by the justice system, cannot be relied upon to be sensible or fair.
1654,  George Chapman [contested],  Revenge for Honour:Ere he shall lose an eye for such a trifle... For doing deeds of nature! I'm ashamed. The law is such an ass.
1838,  Charles Dickens,  chapter 61, in  Oliver Twist:"If the law supposes that," said Mr. Bumble, squeezing his hat emphatically in both hands, "the law is a ass—a idiot."
1917,  Henry De Vere Stacpoole,  chapter 29, in  The Man Who Lost Himself:I'm not one of those who think the Law is an ass, no, there's a great deal of common sense in the Law of England.
1994 May 14, James Cusick, "Loophole gives knifeman freedom," The Independent (UK) (retrieved 18 July 2014):
Mr Bell said: "The law is an ass. It is a shocking situation when a dangerous criminal can walk free by evading recapture for a month."
2013 July 16, Kathleen Parker, "Unanswered questions in Trayvon Martin case," Washington Post (retrieved 18 July 2014):
[N]o matter the legal definitions that guided them, it seems impossible that someone’s young son, guilty of nothing, should die while his killer walks. Adages become such for a reason: The law is an ass.
<ENDS HERE>the longest pole knocks the persimmon
(US, especially Southern US, dated) Whoever has the most advantages has the best chance of success.
1905, The Rosary Magazine, volume 26, page 517:
Every official in Morocco from the Sultan down is for sale, and it is a case where the longest pole knocks the persimmon.
<ENDS HERE>the Lord helps those that help themselves
Alternative form of God helps those who help themselves
<ENDS HERE>the Lord helps those who help themselves
Alternative form of God helps those who help themselves
<ENDS HERE>The Lord works in mysterious ways
Alternative form of God works in mysterious ways
<ENDS HERE>the map is not the territory
Our models of the world, and our sensations of the world, are not the true world.
<ENDS HERE>the mills of the gods grind slowly
Justice may arrive slowly, but it cannot be avoided.
<ENDS HERE>the more the merrier
Something is more fun with more people.
A greater amount of something is better.
<ENDS HERE>the more things change, the more they stay the same
Turbulent changes do not affect reality on a deeper level other than to cement the status quo.
<ENDS HERE>the nail that sticks out gets hammered down
(idiomatic) Those who are too different or conspicuous get criticized or sanctioned by others.
See also[edit]
tall trees catch much wind
the best policy is to keep your head down
tall poppy syndrome
<ENDS HERE>the nut does not fall far from the tree
Synonym of the apple does not fall far from the tree
<ENDS HERE>the odds are good, but the goods are odd
(humorous) There are plenty of potential romantic/sexual partners available, but many of them are strange or eccentric people.
See also[edit]
there are plenty of fish in the sea
<ENDS HERE>the pen is mightier than the sword
(idiomatic) More influence and power can be usurped by writing than by fighting.
1982, Michael Schudson, The Power of News, Harvard University Press (→ISBN), page 142:
If the pen is mightier than the sword in American history, it is more likely the pen  of a novelist than the typewriter of a reporter — Harriet Beecher Stowe stimulating  antislavery sentiment or Upton Sinclair enlisting citizens in outrage against the food-processing industry.
2011, Qazi Nasir Uddin, Ph.D., The Other Side, Author House (→ISBN), page 108:
If my teachers had not told me that the pen is mightier than the sword, if my  parents had not told me that I have to respect books, I would not have developed that respect for knowledge.
Antonyms[edit]
actions speak louder than words
Hyponyms[edit]
the tongue wounds more than a lance
<ENDS HERE>the pitcher goes so often to the well that it is broken at last
When you use a thing too much, it ultimately breaks down at some point.
1957,  Norman Rich and M.H. Fisher,  The Holstein Papers, volume 2, page 317:On these last two points the Chancellor could have given way. He was adamant because he and Hebert wanted to demonstrate their power. The pitcher goes so often to the well, that it is broken at last.
2006,  Nigel McCrery,  Still Waters, Book 1‎[1], page 267:She couldn't have expected her luck to last forever: The pitcher goes so often to the well, that it is broken at last, wasn't that what they said?
2005,  Julie Baumgold,  The Diamond: A Novel‎[2], page 116:Madame knew her hour was fixed and she would not live a minute beyond it; nor did she want to, for, as she said, "The pitcher goes so often to the well that it is broken at last." They bled her when she was too weak to resist, as doctors always do what they like when the patient is feeble.
<ENDS HERE>The proof is in the pudding
Alternative form of the proof of the pudding is in the eating
<ENDS HERE>the proof of the pudding is in the eating
You can only say something is a success after it has been tried out or used.
I know you didn't think it was a very good product, but just look at the fantastic sales figures. That's the proof of the pudding.
2019 October 23,  Pip Dunn,  “The next king of Scotland”, in  Rail, page 50:It begs the question: will this be a costly mistake? I think not, but the proof of the pudding is in a RAIL train test - so armed with stopwatch, measuring tape and notepad, it was time to head north to track one down and test it!
<ENDS HERE>English Wikipedia has an article on:The road to hell is paved with good intentionsWikipedia
the road to hell is paved with good intentions
Well-intended acts can lead to disasters.
Synonyms[edit]
hell is full of good meanings, but heaven is full of good works
Derived terms[edit]
pave the road to hell
<ENDS HERE>the screwing you get isn't worth the screwing you get
Alternative form of the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you get
<ENDS HERE>the screwing you get isn't worth the screwing you take
Alternative form of the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you get
<ENDS HERE>the screwing you get isn't worth the screwing you're going to get
Alternative form of the fucking you get isn't worth the fucking you get
<ENDS HERE>the shoemaker's children go barefoot
One often neglects those closest to oneself.
Synonyms[edit]
the cobbler's children are the worst shod
<ENDS HERE>the sky is the limit
Nothing is impossible or out of reach.
If you have a refrigerator and a microwave at work, then the sky is the limit for what you can put in your lunchbox.
Derived terms[edit]
sky's-the-limit
<ENDS HERE>the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak
As much as one wishes to achieve something, the frailties of the human body often make it impossible.
<ENDS HERE>the tongue wounds more than a lance
Insults and offensive words hurt more than physical injuries
Hyponyms[edit]
the pen is mightier than the sword
Antonyms[edit]
actions speak louder than words
<ENDS HERE>the truth is in the wine
Alternative form of in wine, there is truth
<ENDS HERE>the voice of the people, the voice of God
the voice of the people should be heard
<ENDS HERE>the way to a man's heart is through his stomach
Cooking food for a man is a good way to win his affections.
1899, Jerome K. Jerome, "On the Preparation and Employment of Love Philtres" in The Second Thoughts of An Idle Fellow:
Who invented that mischievous falsehood that the way to a man's heart was through his stomach? How many a silly woman, taking it for truth, has let love slip out of the parlour, while she was busy in the kitchen.
1921,  Ring Lardner Sr.,  chapter 1, in  The Big Town:I have often heard it said that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, but every time I ever seen men and women keep waiting for their eats it was always the frail sex that give the first yelp, and personally I've often wondered what would of happened in the trenches Over There if ladies had of been occupying them when the rations failed to show up.
<ENDS HERE>the wheel turns
Time moves forward; circumstances change; life continues.
2010, Laurent Fignon, We Were Young and Carefree: The Autobiography of Laurent Fignon (trans. by William Fotheringham), Yellow Jersey Press (2010; original French version published 2009), →ISBN, page 64:
You have to accept that a new world pushes out the old. The wheel turns.
2011, Angela Greg, Murder in the Lane, AuthorHouse (2011), →ISBN, page 25:
"I'm sorry, Paul. I know you went through hell with her nonsense, and I don't know how you put up with so much for Sammy, but the wheel turns, mate. Keep cool and let me know what you plan to do."
2012 January 1, Stephen Moffat, "A Scandal in Belgravia", episode 2-1 of Sherlock, 01:12:34-01:12:47:
Sherlock Holmes: There's going to be a bomb on a passenger jet. British and American governments know about it, but rather than expose the source of their information, they're going to let it happen. The plane will blow up. Coventry all over again. The wheel turns, nothing is ever new.
For more examples of usage of this term, see Citations:the wheel turns.
<ENDS HERE>the whistle does not pull the train
Alternative form of it's not the whistle that pulls the train
<ENDS HERE>the whistle doesn't pull the train
Alternative form of it's not the whistle that pulls the train
<ENDS HERE>the wolf may lose his teeth but never his nature
One cannot change one's nature, no matter how much time passes.
Synonyms[edit]
a leopard cannot change its spots
the fox may grow grey but never good
<ENDS HERE>the world is one's lobster
(Britain, humorous) Intentional misrendering of the proverb "the world is one's oyster".
See also[edit]
her indoors
<ENDS HERE>the world is one's oyster
All opportunities are open to someone; the world is theirs.
Derived terms[edit]
the world is one's lobster
<ENDS HERE>them that has gets
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>them that has, gets
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>them that has, gets more
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>them what has gets
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>them what has, gets
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>them what has, gets more
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>them's the breaks
(idiomatic) That is the way things happen; that's life.
Synonyms[edit]
that's the way the cookie crumbles
<ENDS HERE>there are bad apples in every orchard
Every community and demographic has troublesome members.
<ENDS HERE>there are many ways to skin a cat
Alternative form of there's more than one way to skin a cat
<ENDS HERE>there are no atheists in foxholes
In times of extreme stress or fear, even those who do not believe in a benevolent higher power will hope that one exists.
<ENDS HERE>there are none so blind as those who will not see
Understanding cannot be forced on someone who chooses to be ignorant.
1546, J. Heywood
Who is so deafe, or so blynde, as is hee, That wilfully will nother here nor see.
1547, Borde Brev. of Helthe, bk ii fo. vi
Who is blynder than he yt wyl nat se.
Synonym: there are none so deaf as those who will not hear
<ENDS HERE>there are plenty more fish in the sea
Alternative form of there are plenty of fish in the sea
2004,  Mike Skinner (lyrics and music),  “Dry Your Eyes”, in  A Grand Don't Come for Free, performed by The Streets:Dry your eyes, mate / I know it's hard to take but her mind has been made up / There's plenty more fish in the sea
<ENDS HERE>there are plenty of fish in the sea
There are many more potential opportunities available.
Usage notes[edit]
Said in consolation after rejection (especially a romantic one) or other failure.
<ENDS HERE>there are two sides to every question
One should not make a judgement until one hears the other side.
<ENDS HERE>there but for the grace of God go I
A recognition that others' misfortune could be one's own, if it weren't for the blessing of the Divine, or for one's luck.
Humankind's fate is in God's hands.
More generally, our fate is not entirely in our own hands.
Usage notes[edit]
This proverb is an expression of humility; in using it, a speaker acknowledges that outside factors (such as God's grace, or his upbringing) have played a role in her/his success in life.
The adverbial phrase is often set off with commas: "There, but for the grace of God, go I."
Used also to express that one cannot judge others for their flaws for we are all equally flawed.
<ENDS HERE>there is a time and place for everything
Certain things are appropriate on a certain time and place.
<ENDS HERE>there is an exception to every rule
Usually said in a situation when the rule is incorrect and unusable.
<ENDS HERE>there is no honor among thieves (American spelling)
Most thieves lack a sense of honor
<ENDS HERE>There is nothing new under the sun.
There is nothing truly novel in existence. Every new idea has some sort of precedent or echo from the past.
See also[edit]
nothing is said that has not been said before
<ENDS HERE>there is reason in the roasting of eggs
There is a reason behind even the most odd and seemingly unnecessary action.
1840, Edgar Allan Poe, The Philosophy of Furniture
There is reason, it is said, in the roasting of eggs, and there is philosophy even in furniture—a philosophy nevertheless which seems to be more imperfectly understood by Americans than by any civilized nation upon the face of the earth.
<ENDS HERE>there is safety in numbers
There is purported decrease in likelihood of being the victim of an attack, accident, or other bad event, as a result of being in a team or group.
Synonyms[edit]
safety in numbers
<ENDS HERE>there is strength in numbers
There is more strength in groups than individuals.
See also[edit]
there is safety in numbers
many hands make light work
united we stand, divided we fall
<ENDS HERE>there may be snow on the mountaintop but there's fire in the valley
Synonym of there may be snow on the rooftop but there is fire in the furnace
<ENDS HERE>there may be snow on the rooftop but there is fire in the furnace
(often humorous) Even if a person is in his or her senior years, with gray hair, he or she can still have ambition and energy, especially sexual energy.
Related terms[edit]
snow on the rooftop
<ENDS HERE>there's a rotten apple in every barrel
There is a bad person in any group.
Usage notes[edit]
Occurs in numerous other forms: "every barrel has a rotten apple", etc.
<ENDS HERE>there's a sucker born every minute
There is a great number of fools in the world who can be easily swindled, and there always will be.
Alternative forms[edit]
a sucker is born every minute
<ENDS HERE>there's always a bigger fish
No matter how large or intimidating a person or thing is, there is likely to be an even larger or more intimidating person or thing somewhere.
<ENDS HERE>there's many a slip between the cup and the lip
Alternative form of there's many a slip twixt cup and lip
<ENDS HERE>there's many a slip twixt cup and lip
In any situation, however well planned, something can always go wrong.
<ENDS HERE>there's many a slip twixt the cup and the lip
Alternative form of there's many a slip twixt cup and lip
M.K. Gandhi, The Story of My Experiments with Truth, translated by Mahadev Desai, Part I, chapter xi:
With the blessings of my elders, I started for Bombay. This was my first journey from Rajkot to Bombay. My brother accompanied me. But there is many a slip, twixt the cup and the lip. There were difficulties to be faced in Bombay.
<ENDS HERE>there's more than one way to skin a cat
A problem generally has more than one solution.
Synonyms[edit]
all roads lead to Rome
there's more than one way to cook an egg (rare)
there's more than one way to crack an egg (rare)
there's more than one way to peel an orange (rare)
<ENDS HERE>there's no accounting for taste
In subjective matters of taste, people have wildly different opinions; disagreements about matters of taste cannot be objectively resolved.
Synonyms[edit]
to each his own
different strokes for different folks
chacun à son goût
your mileage may vary
one man's meat is another man's poison
<ENDS HERE>there's no fool like an old fool
If a person does not develop wisdom with age, then his or her foolishness is all the more obvious and shameful.
1920,  Agatha Christie,  chapter 1, in  The Mysterious Affair at Styles:"You're an old woman, Emily, and there's no fool like an old fool. The man's twenty years younger than you, and don't you fool yourself as to what he married you for. Money!"
<ENDS HERE>there's no I in team
Teamwork should focus on the needs of the team, not on the individual.
<ENDS HERE>there's no place like home
One feels most comfortable at home.
<ENDS HERE>there's no point crying over spilt milk
You shouldn't be upset over something that can't be undone.
<ENDS HERE>there's no such thing as a free lunch
Nothing is free; even things that appear free often have to be paid in the end.
Synonyms[edit]
(nothing is free): TANSTAAFL, there ain't no such thing as a free lunch, TINSTAAFL
Related terms[edit]
free lunch
See also[edit]
you don't get something for nothing
<ENDS HERE>there's no time like the present
Now is an appropriate time to take a particular action.
<ENDS HERE>there's no use crying over spilt milk
Alternative form of there's no point crying over spilt milk
<ENDS HERE>there's none so blind as those who will not see
Alternative form of there are none so blind as those who will not see
<ENDS HERE>there's nowt so queer as folk
(simile, colloquial, Yorkshire, Lancashire) Nothing is as strange as people can be; people can behave very oddly sometimes.
1893,  Bell, Florence Eveleen Eleanore; Robins, Elizabeth,  Alan's Wife‎[1], act 1, scene 1, pages 11–12:Well (shakes her head with a little smile as she goes on knitting)—there's nowt so queer as folk! (Shakes her head again.)
1911,  Rawnsley, Hardwicke Drummond,  “Sexton Joe”, in  By Fell and Dale at the English Lakes‎[2], pages 87–88:'Theer's Miss So-and-so bin doon here and gaan on ivver so and glen me sic a blackin' as never was, becos I telt her I cudn't git her intil t' auld grund noa-ways, and I telt her she mud just lig in t' new grund and mud be weel content, an aw, for it was a deal sweeter.' 'And,' added old Joe, ' theer's nowt so queer as folk, specially wick uns.'
c. 1936,  Rogers, Clement Francis,  “Are Miracles Possible?”, in  The Case for Miracle‎[3], pages 26–27:Long ago Aristotle said that you cannot expect to find the same accuracy in all thought as in mathematics—you can only get it as far as the nature of the subject allows. The human factor has to be reckoned with and, as they say in Yorkshire: "There's nowt so queer as folk."
1971 July 1,  Turnbull, Don,  “Ye Second Birthday Editorial”, in  Albion‎[4], number 30, page 2:The really remarkable thing about ALBION is the amazing number of people it continues to hoodwink. Nearly 100 subscribers now, all persisting in sending their cash to the Editorial Permanence In Drunkenness Fund. A growth-rate of approximately one new subscriber per week! How you can all tolerate this I cannot understand; however, as they say across the frontier into Yorkshire - 'There's nowt so queer as folk' (being married to a Yorkshirewoman, I subscribe whole-heartedly to this view)
<ENDS HERE>they're only after one thing
Men are only interested in sex.
See also[edit]
one-track mind
<ENDS HERE>third time pays for all
Synonym of third time's a charm
<ENDS HERE>third time's a charm
One is sure to succeed at a task or event on the third try.
Usage notes[edit]
May jokingly be extended to fourth, fifth or higher numbers if success is not achieved on the third try.
Synonyms[edit]
third time lucky
<ENDS HERE>third time's the charm
Alternative form of third time's a charm
<ENDS HERE>this too shall pass
Nothing, good or bad, lasts forever; all circumstances are temporary.
<ENDS HERE>this too shall pass away
Alternative form of this too shall pass
<ENDS HERE>those that have get
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>those that have get more
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>those that have, get
People who already have wealth and status are the most likely to acquire additional wealth and status (usually with the implication that the distribution of life's benefits and opportunities is unfair).
1917, Alice Walton, "Fortuna's Daughters," Good Housekeeping, vol. 65, no. 3, p. 90:
You may have heard the old adage about "those that have, get," and it is true. . . . The getting started on money-making is the hardest part.
1978 Jan. 1, Sarah Booth Conroy, "Of Kingdoms, Principalities and Carolina Castles," Washington Post (retrieved 21 July 2015):
In the great capitalist tradition of "those who have, get," Vanderbilt's investment today returns rich dividends to his grandsons.
2005 Sep. 17, Carol E. Lee, "In Lieu of a Gift Bag, Send Donations to...," New York Times (retrieved 21 July 2015):
Those that have, get. For lending their status to Fashion Week events, the rich and the famous scored, among other things, $225 jeans and coupons for $200 PuchiBags for their pets.
2008, Andrew P. Smith, The Dimensions Of Experience, →ISBN, p. 279 (Google preview):
In other words, “the rich get richer” or “those that have, get” (indeed, distribution of wealth in America follows a scale-free organization).
Usage notes[edit]
The alternative form "them what has, gets", and its close variations, are intentionally expressed in non-standard rustic language to create the impression of folksy, homespun wisdom.
Synonyms[edit]
the rich get richer
See also[edit]
Matthew effect
nothing succeeds like success
to the victor go the spoils
<ENDS HERE>those that have, get more
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>those who can't do, teach
(derogatory) It is easier to get a job teaching how to do something than to get a job actually doing that thing.
2004,  Shirley M. Hord,  Learning Together, Leading Together, →ISBN:If those who can't do, teach — then what will those who can't teach, do?
2007,  Roy Vincent,  Listening to the Silences, →ISBN, page 21:Now, there is an unkind saying in education that “those who can, 'do'; those who can't 'do', teach; those who can't teach, teach others to teach; while those who can't teach others to teach become either education administrators or researchers”.
2010,  Charles J. Mertz,  So,You Want To Be a Teacher, →ISBN, page 12:They say, “Those who can't do, teach.” Don't you believe it. Those who teach show those who can't how to.
Usage notes[edit]
This is often used to attack the competence of teachers in technical fields where teachers make less money than workers in those fields, the presumption being that no one would take a lower-paying job if they had the skills and training for the higher-paying job. Whether this is true is disputed.
<ENDS HERE>those who can't use their head must use their back
if you do not think, you will take the consequences
<ENDS HERE>those who have get
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>those who have get more
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>those who have, get
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>those who have, get more
Alternative form of those that have, get
<ENDS HERE>those who live in glass houses should not throw stones
Alternative form of people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
<ENDS HERE>those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
Alternative form of people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
<ENDS HERE>those who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those doing it
Mis-attributed [2] Chinese proverb (L'homme qui dit que cela ne peut pas être fait ne doit pas interrompre l'homme de le faire. [3] )
Similar to French proverb: la critique est aisée mais l’art est difficile (1732, Philippe Néricault) ,  meaning It is is easy to say it cannot be done, but doing it is difficult.
Similar to proverb: Ceux qui pensent qu’il est impossible d’agir sont généralement interrompus par ceux qui agissent James Baldwin, meaning Those who say it can not be done, are usually interrupted by those doing it
Similar to proverb: Ils ne savaient pas que c'était impossible, alors ils l'ont fait Mark Twain, meaning They did not know it was impossible so they did it.
<ENDS HERE>those who will not when they may, when they will they shall have nay
(archaic) One should take immediate advantage of an opportunity that may not be available later.
<ENDS HERE>three time's a charm
Alternative form of third time's a charm
<ENDS HERE>throw dirt enough, and some will stick
If enough allegations are made about someone or something, then even if they are all untrue, people's opinion of the person or thing will be diminished.
1759, John Wesley, letter to John Downes, Rector of St. Michael's, Wood Street, read at Wesley Center Online at [1] on 14 Oct 06.
I hope...that you are ignorant of the whole affair, and are so bold only because you are blind...And blind enough; so that you blunder on through thick and thin, bespattering all that come in your way, according to the old, laudable maxim, 'Throw dirt enough, and some will stick.'
1857, Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays, read at fullbooks.com on 14 Oct 06,
But whatever harm a spiteful tongue could do them, he took care should be done. Only throw dirt enough, and some will stick.
1864, John Henry Newman, Apologia Pro Vita Sua, Penguin Classics (1994), p. 10,
Archbishop Whately used to say ‘Throw dirt enough, and some will stick;' well, will stick, but not, will stain. I think he used to mean ‘stain,' and I do not agree with him.
<ENDS HERE>throw enough mud at the wall and some of it will stick
Try the same thing (or similar things) often enough, and, even if the general standard is poor, sometimes one will be successful.
2005, Mike Busson (poster on UKScreen forum) Re: Voiceovers!, read at [1] on 02 Nov 06,
In terms of places to send your URL or CD's, there's no easy answer. It really is a case of throw enough mud at the wall and some of it will stick.
2005, "forwardone" (administrator posting on the HYIPForum), re: Alertpay phishing email, read at [2] on 02 Nov 06,
I also think that sometimes they send out phishing e-mails in the hope that it`ll hit people who do have an account with a particular organization. You know, throw enough mud at the wall and some of it will stick theory.
2006, Rob Manuel, How to be funny, read in Comedy Soup on the BBC website at [3] on 02 Nov 06,
Throw enough mud at the wall and some of it will stick. Be prolific and don't be afraid to make stuff that's rubbish. If you keep trying eventually you'll get there.
2006, Rex Pierce, Re: [303rd-Talk] D Day read on 303rd Bomb Group Talk Forum at [4] on 02 Nov 06,
Believe the planners worked on the principle of "throw enough mud at the wall, and some of it will stick".
If enough (perhaps false or reckless) accusations are made against someone, his reputation will suffer, whether or not this is deserved
2006, "money" (poster on eTalk Money), Some thoughts about compact surfing, read at [5] on 02 Nov 06,
Word of advice NVUS time to distance yourself from LuukH as quickly as possible and dish some dirt, otherwise well the saying goes - throw enough mud at the wall and some of it will stick.
<ENDS HERE>throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick
Try the same thing (or similar things) often enough, and, even if the general standard is poor, sometimes one will be successful.
2001, And still no one is shouting stop. read in The Kingdom archives at [1] on 02 Nov 06,
Many team managers are of the philosophy that if you throw enough mud at the wall some of it will stick. They believe that team preparation is all about physical fitness. They run the players into the ground and they believe they will be "flying on the day".
2001, Robert McCrum, Let them eat cake, in The Observer 16 Dec 01, read on Guardian Unlimited site at [2] on 02 Nov 06,
Australian publishing boomed and in the past 10 years the country's literary culture has undergone a mini golden age, capped by Carey's triumph at the 2001 Booker Prize. As one Australian arts administrator said to me many years ago: 'Listen, mate, if you throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick.'
2001, Chris Collin, Re: 2-cp speys on The Strathspey Server mailing list archive at [3] on 02 Nov 06,
I am finding that "if you throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick". It doesn't always work of course (especially on the nights when the class is mostly the beginners), but the class seems to thrive on the challange.
2005, Ray Craft (poster on The right scale blog), Fitzhooie and his Burden, read at [4] on 02 Nov 06,
Prosecutors everywhere have bad habits of overcharging lots of cases, knowing that if the throw enough mud at the wall some of it will stick.
2005, Sean Kelleher, Spike Milligan: His part in our downfall in Business 07 Aug 05, read at [5] on 02 Nov 06,
As long as there is negligible regulation and enforcement anyone can actually try and do the job...Weak regulation allows the industry to build strategies on full time recruitment. The theory goes: throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick.
c2005, Everything You've Learned About Marketing Is Wrong, read on LINC Performance website at [6] on 02 Nov 06,
They have the money to continue to believe in the repetition side of the equation. You throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick. But it still isn’t the way to maximize your return.
c2005, on talent website read at [7] on 02 Nov 06,
Dancing dollar bill syndrome, where candidates are picked up and dropped like hot potatoes, and sold into interviews, is common. If you throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick, and this is the approach of many recruitment agencies.
2006, "marieclaire66" (poster on Blogit), Just a quick hello!, in Comments on Keep Paddling Until You See The Truth, read at [8] on 02 Nov 06,
I admire your perseverance. If you throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick eventually, paddling would sound more fun than throwing mud, however...anyway all the best.
2006, Ashley Latter, March 2006 -- Tips and ideas to improve your sales, read at [9] on 02 Nov 06,
There used to be a saying that if you throw enough mud at the wall some of it will stick. Be enthusiastic and you will always sell.
If enough (perhaps false or reckless) accusations are made against a person (or organisation), their reputation will suffer, whether or not this is deserved.
1997, Brent St. Denis, speaking in the Canadian House of Commons, read in Hansard at [10] on 02 Nov 06,
They go on and on about the CPP increase being a tax. If we throw enough mud at the wall some of it will stick....How can they unfavourably compare that to 9% plus is beyond my comprehension.
2004, "bashos_frog" (poster on MetaFilter community weblog), re: Oh, You Mean Those Records read at [11] on 02 Nov 06,
The Clinton years proved that if you throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick.
2004, Steve Story, The Fall: The Cause sermon at Windy City Community Church on 14 Nov 04, read at [12] on 02 Nov 06,
It doesn’t matter that the bulk of the charges are distortions of what is real. If you throw enough mud at the wall some of it will stick.
2006, The Goldfish (poster on bloggingmone blog), re: "A Hero in Slippers" or: "Don't Go Outside When It Is Raining Ribbons", read at [13] on 02 Nov 06,
Perhaps If you stuff both of them into a sack and beat on it, you'll always hit the right one! is a bit like our "If you throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick." If you attack something enough, then something is bound to take effect (although the mud and the wall one is generally about a person's reputation).
<ENDS HERE>time and tide
(shortened form) time and tide wait for no man
<ENDS HERE>time and tide tarry for no man
Alternative form of time and tide wait for no man
1816,  Sir Walter Scott,  chapter 1, in  The Antiquary - Volume I:"But, however, time and tide tarry for no man, and so, my young friend, we'll have a snack here at the Hawes."
<ENDS HERE>time and tide wait for no man
Action should be undertaken without delay.
1857,  Charles Dickens,  chapter 22, in  Little Dorrit:"And now", said Daniel, looking at his watch, "as time and tide wait for no man, my trusty partner, and as I am ready for starting, bag and baggage, at the gate below, let me say a last word".
1903, P. G. Wodehouse, "Work" in Tales of St. Austin's:
"Do you not think, my dear lad, that you had better begin? Time and tide, as you are aware, wait for no man".
Synonyms[edit]
time is of the essence
procrastination is the thief of time
there's no time like the present
<ENDS HERE>time flies when you're having fun
Time seems to pass more quickly when one is enjoying oneself.
1991, Ski (volume 56, number 3, page 102)
"Time flies when you're having fun!" said one of the skiers in our party. "Yeah, but time's more fun when you're flying," Jay one-upped.
<ENDS HERE>time heals all wounds
Negative feelings eventually fade away.
<ENDS HERE>time is money
Money is wasted (in lost wages, missed opportunities, etc.) when a person's time is not used productively; time is valuable and should not be wasted.
1823,  James Fenimore Cooper,  chapter 14, in  The Pioneers:And what do you mean to do with your time this winter? You must remember that time is money.
1919,  Eleanor H. Porter,  chapter 31, in  Dawn:His words and manner carried the crisp terseness of the busy man whose time is money.
<ENDS HERE>timing is everything
Consideration of other events can greatly influence some desired outcome (such as whether a joke is well received).
- Telling the old joke about a butt-crack was not a good idea, just as the plumber arrived, Bob.- You know what they say: "timing is everything." I'm sure we can find another plumber before the house floods.
2015, Rob Couty, Timing Is Everything!: Joining The Right Company At The Right Time!, Rob Couty
“​Timing Is Everything​”. It certainly has been true in my life and chances are it's  probably played a role in your life as well. As I look back there were moments  where I missed out on something special because I either made the wrong ...
2017, Janice Presser, Timing Isn't Everything. Teaming Is., Lulu.com (→ISBN), page 35:
So when I'd hear people tell me – in many contexts – that timing is everything, I'd  naturally feel uncomfortably constrained. Choked sometimes. Because I knew  that I personally possessed virtually no sense of timing in the clock sense of time.
2001, Forestry Tactics: Lessons from Malawi's National Forestry Programme, IIED (→ISBN), page 9:
... partnership in the new forest policy was one ingredient; but it was the pressing  demands on government forestry from an increasingly vocal civil society – that  brought a hesitant. Forestry tactics 9 Why now? Why this way? Timing is  everything.
<ENDS HERE>to each his own
Every person is entitled to his or her personal preferences and tastes.
I would never want my bathroom decorated in chartreuse and turquoise, but to each his own, I suppose.
Everyone should receive what they deserve.
Synonyms[edit]
chacun à son goût
there's no accounting for taste
different strokes for different folks
<ENDS HERE>to err is human
Everyone makes mistakes.
Usage notes[edit]
The phrase is often used as a part of a longer proverb in English, to err is human; to forgive, divine (Alexander Pope, "Essay on Criticism").
<ENDS HERE>to err is human; to forgive, divine
Extended form of to err is human
<ENDS HERE>to the victor go the spoils
The winner of a conflict gains additional benefits, beyond the subject of the conflict.
Related terms[edit]
spoils system
See also[edit]
those that have, get
winner-take-all
<ENDS HERE>to thine own self be true
Be yourself; be true to yourself; do not engage in self-deception.
c. 1599-1601, William Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act I, Scene III:
This above all: to thine ownself be true,
And it must follow, as the night the day,
Thou canst not then be false to any man.
1977, The Psychological and Social Impact of Physical Disability (eds. Robert P Marinelli and Arthur E. Dell Orto), Springer Publishing Co. (1977), →ISBN, page 306:
"To thine own self be true," I saw, was what produced vitality, confidence, and genuine expression in one's interpersonal relations.
1986, Gary Diedrichs, "Bewitched", Orange Coast, August 1986:
Know thyself. To thine own self be true. For the man or woman who can confront the demon within, there is a hopeful prognosis.
1995, Paula C. Rust, Bisexuality and the Challenge to Lesbian Politics: Sex, Loyalty, and Revolution, New York University Press (1995), →ISBN, page 51:
Several of these women said simply, "to each her own," while others like Sue were only slighty more verbose: "Each of us has a right and a responsibility 'to thine own self be true.' Another person's sexual preference is not my business or concern."
2004, James M. Morris & Andrea L. Kross, Historical Dictionary of Utopianism, Scarecrow Press (2004), →ISBN, page 262:
"To thine own self be true" whatever the consequences was taken as the principle of true freedom and humanity by the romantics.
2012, Mark D. White, "The Sound and the Fury Behind 'One More Day'", in Spider-Man and Philosophy: The Web of Inquiry (ed. Jonathan J. Sanford), John Wiley & Sons (2012), →ISBN, page 241:
As Shakespeare wrote, "To thine own self be true," at least according to what kind of person you believe yourself to be.
<ENDS HERE>today is a good day to die
An expression of willingness, even eagerness, to give one's life for a cause.
[1993,  Stephen Solomita,  chapter 12, in  A Good Day to Die, New York, N.Y.: Otto Penzler Books, →ISBN:Junkies brag about the "rush" of mainlined heroin or inhaled crack cocaine; I'll put the rush of danger up against any drug. I wasn't kidding when I told Bouton it was a good day to die. Any day is a good day to die. As long as you go down fighting.]
[1997,  Robert B[rown] Parker,  chapter 26, in  Night Passage: A Jesse Stone Novel, New York, N.Y.: G. P. Putnam's Sons, →ISBN:We will keep safe the heritage of this country. And if someday we must die to serve this cause, well, then, it will be a good day to die.]
2001,  Engineering News-Record: Top Construction Management Firms, volume 246, New York, N.Y.: McGraw-Hill, ISSN 0891-9526, OCLC 20849177, page 72:Otherwise, small business owners like those in the construction industry will have to be prescient, as well as politically and financially astute, in deciding if today is a good day to die.
An expression indicating that one should not live with any regrets, or tasks left undone.
[2002,  Dave Collins,  “Gains”, in  Please Remain Seated until the Ride has Come to a Complete Stop: Dave Collins Memoir, Lincoln, Neb.: Writer's Showcase, iUniverse, →ISBN, pages 86–87:To be given the strength to live without regrets, without the feeling that you should be doing something more, something different. To make today a good day to die. To gain fulfillment not with length of time, but with quality.]
2006,  Dan Millman,  “On Chapter Four: The Sword is Sharpened”, in  Wisdom of the Peaceful Warrior: A Companion to the Book that Changes Lives, Tilburon, Calif.: H. J. Kramer; Novato, Calif.: New World Library, →ISBN, page 111:The main thing is to die after having truly lived, after leaving behind a contribution. Socrates lived fully and was perfectly content to let go when the time came. As the Native American saying goes, "Today is a good day to die."
2008,  John Izzo,  “The First Secret: Be True to Your Self”, in  The Five Secrets You must Discover before You Die, San Francisco, Calif.: Berrett-Koehler Publishers, →ISBN, page 43:In the native tradition of the Pacific Northwest there is a saying: "Today is a good day to die." What it means, of course, is that today is a good day to live completely. If you were lying on that hospital bed right now, what would be on that short list?
<ENDS HERE>tomorrow is another day
Tomorrow will bring new opportunities and a fresh start for one's endeavors.
1600, author unknown, "Phillidaes Love-call to her Coridon, and his replying" (song), in England's Helicon, printed at London by I.R. for John Flasket:
Phil. Yonder comes my Mother, Coridon,
whether shall I flie?
Cor. Under yonder Beech my lovely one,
while she passeth by.
Say to her thy true-Love was not heere,
remember, remember,
to morrow is another day:
1896,  Amelia E. Barr,  chapter 8, in  A Knight of the Nets:"Well, well, my dear lass, to-night we cannot work, but we may sleep. . . . Keep a still heart tonight, and tomorrow is another day."
1936,  Margaret Mitchell,  chapter 63, in  Gone with the Wind:"Tomorrow, I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day."
2005 June 19, Fran Schumer, "JERSEY: In Princeton, Taking On Harvard's Fuss About Women," New York Times, (retrieved 18 Aug 2009):
"Half of me is depressed—the idea didn't work out—and half is hopeful. Tomorrow is another day and maybe something will work then."
<ENDS HERE>tomorrow never comes
A goal or action which is postponed until a future day is often never accomplished; do not procrastinate.
1885, G. A. Henty, In Freedom's Cause, ch. 4:
"I will take you tomorrow," he said.
"Tomorrow never comes," Archie replied with a laugh.
1909, "Fall in Line", Seamen's Journal, vol. 23, p. 11 (Google books):
Don't wait until tomorrow; tomorrow never comes. Don't wait for some one else to start; start it yourself.
2006, Mutea Rukwaru, Successful Time Management, →ISBN, p. xv (Google preview):
Avoid procrastination like the plague. Some people make a habit of putting things off to tomorrow and then find that somehow tomorrow never comes.
Tomorrow has no reality, since every day is experienced as today.
1884, Warren Felt Evans, The Divine Law of Cure, p. 107 (Google books):
We never go beyond the present. . . . Tomorrow never comes. Our existence is enclosed within the divine moment, the eternal now.
1921, Edgar Rice Burroughs, Tarzan the Terrible, ch. 13:
"But tomorrow they give me to Bu-lot," she said sadly.
"May it be always tomorrow," replied Tarzan, "for tomorrow never comes."
2008, Jonathan Goodwin, in We Support You: Letters of Encouragement for Our Troops Serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, Xulon Press, →ISBN, p. 88 (Google preview):
The truth is, tomorrow never comes! The minute you step into your tomorrow, it becomes your today.
<ENDS HERE>too many cooks spoil the broth
If too many people participate in a task, the task will not be done very well.
Synonyms[edit]
too many cooks spoil the soup
too many cooks spoil the stew
Antonyms[edit]
many hands make light work
the more the merrier
<ENDS HERE>too much bed makes a dull head
Too much inactivity makes one less mentally acute.
<ENDS HERE>treat 'em mean to keep 'em keen
(informal) Treating women badly heightens their romantic/sexual attraction toward you.
<ENDS HERE>treat them mean, keep them keen
A woman will be more interested in a man if he is not kind to her.
<ENDS HERE>trust every man, but cut the cards
Alternative form of trust everybody, but cut the cards
<ENDS HERE>trust everybody, but always cut the cards
Alternative form of trust everybody, but cut the cards
<ENDS HERE>trust everybody, but always cut the deck
Alternative form of trust everybody, but cut the cards
<ENDS HERE>trust everybody, but cut the cards
Have a general faith in the good intentions of others, but never neglect to take appropriate precautions against being deceived or cheated.
1997, Donald L. Miller, City of the Century, →ISBN, p. 526 (Google preview):
A deep-dyed fatalist, sentimental yet cynical—"Trust everybody," he is fond of saying, "but cut the cards"—his running history of his Chicago tribe is a struggle of clan and family survival, with little help from outsiders.
2013, William C. Prentiss, One Man In His Time: A Memoir, →ISBN, p. 413 (Google preview):
I was often reminded of Mr. Dooley's famous admonition to “Trust everybody, but cut the cards.” We did “cut the cards” by installing a fake camera high on one wall and pointed at the cash register.
2014, Robert C. Chandler, Business and Corporate Integrity, →ISBN, p. xxiv (Google preview):
It's a version of President Ronald Reagen's famous statements “trust but verify” and “trust everybody, but cut the cards.” We the public are tired of being duped, and we are now ready to hold companies responsible and accountable.
Usage notes[edit]
Many variations are found, as in:
1996, Susan Porter Benson, "Living on the Margin" in The Sex of Things (Victoria De Grazia, ed.), →ISBN, p. 236 (Google preview):
Even in the most promising circumstances, a woman might trust her husband but still cut the cards.
1997, Ronald J. Hrebenar, Interest Group Politics in America, →ISBN, p. 147 (Google preview):
As one lobbyist put it, "You trust your mother, but you always cut the cards."
See also[edit]
trust, but verify
<ENDS HERE>trust everybody, but cut the deck
Alternative form of trust everybody, but cut the cards
<ENDS HERE>trust your friends, but cut the cards
Alternative form of trust everybody, but cut the cards
<ENDS HERE>truth is stranger than fiction
Sometimes actual events are stranger than imagined ones.
1989, B. A. Ramsbottom, Stranger Than Fiction: The Life of William Kiffin, Gospel Standard Publications (→ISBN), page 7:
It has often been said that truth is stranger than fiction. But what writer of the most  extravagant fiction could have thought up such a life as that of William Kiffin? A poor orphan becoming one of the wealthiest merchants in the country;  […]
2003, Nicholas Rescher, Imagining Irreality: A Study of Unreal Possibilities, Open Court Publishing (→ISBN), page 239:
In the end, truth is stranger than fiction: reality has more complications, more unanticipable twists and turns than fiction could ever imagine.
<ENDS HERE>truth will out
A mystery will always be solved; truth will eventually and inevitably be discovered.
<ENDS HERE>tune in, turn on, drop out
Pay attention to the new way of living; take drugs; abandon the established ways.
<ENDS HERE>turnabout is fair play
It is allowable to retaliate against an enemy's dirty tricks by using the same ones against them.
1755, Dudley Bradstreet, The Life and Uncommon Adventures of Captain Dudley Bradstreet, S. Powell, Dublin, p. 216:[1]
My Endeavours were used to perplex their Thoughts and Judgments; I told them, that at next Wednesday’s Dinner I hoped we would be informed who were to rule the Roast, that hitherto honest Men were kept from shuffling the Cards, because they would cast Knaves out from the Company of Kings, but we would make them know, Turn about was fair Play, and that two and three made five, though many Words did not fill a Bushel.
1795,  Archibald MacLaren,  The Scottish Volunteers‎[1], page 23:No, I won't, — I went to my bed last, — let my bed come to me now, turn about is fair play.
Taking turns during games is morally right.
See also[edit]
fair play
two can play that game
taste of one's own medicine
<ENDS HERE>two can play that game
The tactics or strategies of an adversary can be also be used against him or her.
See also[edit]
turnabout is fair play
<ENDS HERE>two heads are better than one
Some tasks may be accomplished more easily by two (or more) people working together than by one working alone.
1818,  Sir Walter Scott,  chapter 8, in  Rob Roy:"I should think, now, Mr. Francis Osbaldistone was likely to be as effectually, and rather more delicately, supported by my presence than by yours."
"Oh, certainly; but two heads are better than one, you know."
1882,  Horatio Alger,  chapter 23, in  Ben's Nugget:On the principle that two heads are better than one, he resolved to take his companion, Jones, into his confidence and ask him to make a suggestion.
1906,  Arthur Quiller-Couch,  chapter 17, in  The Mayor of Troy:Two heads are better than one, sir. We will prosecute our investigations together.
2003 Nov. 9, Nancy Meyers as told to Amy Barrett, "Sex and the Single Older Woman," New York Times (retrieved 25 Feb 2013):
Collaboration is great for screenwriting. It's not as simple as two heads are better than one, but if you find the right person, you can feed off each other.
<ENDS HERE>two wrongs don't make a right
(ethics) A wrongful action is not a morally appropriate way to correct or cancel a previous wrongful action.
1915, William MacLeod Raine, The Highgrader, ch. 15:
"But when it comes to taking what belongs to another—well, a thief is a thief. . . . After all, two wrongs don't make a right, do they?"
2006, Clifton Brown, "Boxing: Mayweather Is Crowned, but not without a Fight," New York Times, 9 April (retrieved 17 June 2009):
"Late in the fight, Roger told me Zab was going to do something dirty, and he did it," Mayweather said after the fight. "I didn't return it, because two wrongs don't make a right."
Antonyms[edit]
two wrongs make a right
<ENDS HERE>two wrongs make a right
(logic, ethics) A logical fallacy whereby a wrongful action is justified by the commission of another.
Antonyms[edit]
two wrongs don't make a right
<ENDS HERE>two's company and three is none
Synonym of two's company, three's a crowd
<ENDS HERE>two's company, three's a crowd
One companion is better than two.
Synonyms: two's company and three is none; two's company, three's trumpery
Usage notes[edit]
This saying is often used by lovers who want to be by themselves.
See also[edit]
third wheel, fifth wheel
<ENDS HERE>two's company, three's trumpery
(dated) Synonym of two's company, three's a crowd
<ENDS HERE>underpromise and overdeliver
(business) Exceed the customer's expectations.
2010,  Marty Brounstein, ‎Arthur H. Bell, ‎Dayle M. Smith,  Business Communication, page 225:Think about the old customer service maxim, underpromise and overdeliver.
<ENDS HERE>uneasy lies the head that wears a crown
A person of the highest rank has more problems than the lower ranked people.
See also[edit]
the bigger they are, the harder they fall
the highest branch is not the safest roost
<ENDS HERE>union is strength
Alternative form of unity is strength
<ENDS HERE>union makes strength
Alternative form of unity is strength
<ENDS HERE>united we stand, divided we fall
People are more successful as a group than as individuals.
Synonyms[edit]
sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>unity is strength
Being united makes us become stronger.
<ENDS HERE>unity makes strength
Alternative form of unity is strength
<ENDS HERE>use it or lose it
Skills or knowledge that are seldom applied are likely to be lost with time.
2011, Tim Wagle & Paul Theobald, "Connecting Communities and Schools: Accountability in the Post-NCLB Era", in The Phenomenon of Obama and the Agenda for Education: Can Hope Audaciously Trump Neoliberalism (eds. Paul R. Carr & Brad J. Porfilio), Information Age Publishing Inc. (2011), →ISBN, page 262:
Any piece of curriculum, devoid of an opportunity to wield it, suffers the same fate as unutilized Spanish instruction. The time-tested colloquialism is accurate: use it or lose it.
For more examples of usage of this term, see Citations:use it or lose it.
Property and privileges will be lost if they are not utilized.
2011, Marq De Villiers, Our Way Out: Principles for a Post-Apocalyptic World, McClelland & Stewart (2011), →ISBN, page 310:
The legal rationale was simple: in much of the west, water rights operate under the "use it or lose it" principle. If you don't use the water, others had the right to appropriate it and use it themselves.
For more examples of usage of this term, see Citations:use it or lose it.
<ENDS HERE>variety is the spice of life
Variety is what makes life interesting.
<ENDS HERE>tly and carry a big stick - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XetwtApAICEAAI4z5T4AAAEF","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"walk_softly_and_carry_a_big_stick","wgTitle":"walk softly and carry a big stick","wgCurRevisionId":54967778,"wgRevisionId":54967778,"wgArticleId":3397950,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":"walk_softly_and_carry_a_big_stick","wgRelevantArticleId"
:3397950,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready",
"mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
walk softly and carry a big stick
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
English[edit]
Verb[edit]
walk softly and carry a big stick
Alternative form of speak softly and carry a big stick
<ENDS HERE>walls have ears
(idiomatic) There is a risk of being overheard, so be careful about what you say.
1915, William MacLeod Raine, Steve Yeager, ch. 20:
"But it is well to remember that walls have ears, and therefore to whisper."
2015 July 15, Thanassis Cambanis, "A Syrian Parody Features the Civil War, and Is Stalked by It," New York Times (retrieved 27 Sep 2017):
“We're talking about everything you can't discuss in Damascus, because there the walls have ears,” Mr. Taieb said.
<ENDS HERE>wanton kittens make sober cats
People who are unruly and reckless in youth may nevertheless turn out to be responsible adults.
<ENDS HERE>waste not, want not
(idiomatic) If one is not wasteful then one will not be in need.
1872, Thomas Hardy, Under the Greenwood Tree. ch. 8:
There were, besides, some little pleasures in the shape of helping her to vegetable she didn't want, and when it had nearly alighted on her plate taking it across for his own use, on the plea of waste not, want not.
1910, Edith Nesbit, The Magic City, ch. 2:
“They take the cocoa-nuts to the town kitchen,” said the captain, “to be made into cocoa-nut ice for the army breakfast; waste not want not, you know.”
2006 July 9, Richard Corrigan, "Fish tales," Sunday Times (UK) (retrieved 5 July 2008):
I'm a believer in “waste not, want not”, and we roast our leftover bread, finely sliced and brushed with olive oil, in a low oven.
Coordinate terms[edit]
a penny saved is a penny earned
Related terms[edit]
Similar phrases using elliptical causation ("if/then")
another day, another dollar
fall seven times, stand up eight
finders, keepers
first come, first served
in for a dime, in for a dollar
in for an inch, in for a mile
in for a penny, in for a pound
laugh before breakfast, cry before supper
least said, soonest mended
mo' money, mo' problems
no body, no crime
no cross, no crown
no fears, no tears
no guts, no glory
no harm, no foul
no hero, no villain
no losers, no winners
no pain, no gain
nothing ventured, nothing gained
once bitten, twice shy
out of sight, out of mind
<ENDS HERE>well begun is half done
Much depends on the beginning of an endeavor.
Related terms[edit]
a good beginning makes a good ending
<ENDS HERE>what doesn't kill you makes you stronger
Hardship builds moral character.
<ENDS HERE>what goes around comes around
The status eventually returns to its original value after completing some sort of cycle.
A person's actions, whether good or bad, will often have consequences for that person.
<ENDS HERE>what goes up must come down
(figuratively) All trends will end; a rise (in the stock market, in a person's political or social influence, etc.) will be followed by a fall.
(figuratively) Substance induced euphoria is followed by withdrawal (often used to describe stimulants though same applies to many other drugs).
See also[edit]
every dog has its day, the meek shall inherit the earth (≈"what is down will go up")
<ENDS HERE>what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
Alternative form of what happens on tour stays on tour
<ENDS HERE>what happens on the road stays on the road
Synonym of what happens on tour stays on tour
<ENDS HERE>what happens on tour stays on tour
When a group of people (usually a group of all-male close friends) get together and travel, go on vacation, throw a party, etc., all conduct engaged in during the event must be kept strictly confidential.
<ENDS HERE>what has been seen cannot be unseen
Repulsive, disturbing, or horrific sights can never be erased from memory once they have been seen.
2010, Brad Prager, "Suffering and Sympathy in Volker Schlöndorff's Der neunte Tag and Dennis Gansel's NaPolA", in Screening War: Perspectives on German Suffering (eds. Paul Cooke & Marc Silberman), Camden House (2010), →ISBN, page 196:
At Dachau he was witness to real rather than abstract suffering; what has been seen cannot be unseen, nor can it be rationalized.
2011, Jay Wallace, "Akira", BandWagon Magazine, December 2011:
I went into Akira knowing it's considered amongst critics a landmark film for anime and the success of the genre in America, but I was also expecting the type of weirdness that has given anime an infamous reputation in pop culture. Don't know what I'm talking about? Google "hentai." …Actually, no, don't do that. Seriously. Don't fucking do that. What has been seen cannot be unseen.
For more examples of usage of this term, see Citations:what has been seen cannot be unseen.
<ENDS HERE>what wins on Sunday sells on Monday
(chiefly US, marketing, motor sports) A brand of automobile that performs well in racing competitions will be popular with retail purchasers.
1991 July 3, Al Pearce, "General Motors likely to reduce NASCAR funds," Daily Press (Virginia, US) (retrieved 15 Oct 2018):
Doesn't anyone remember the axiom that what wins on Sunday sells on Monday? Automotive execs may wonder whether that still applies, but you can bet they know who won before they go to bed each Sunday night.
2008 December 20, Don Crinklaw, "Life in the fast lane," Sun-Sentinel (Florida, US) (retrieved 15 Oct 2018):
"The automakers have provided a lot of money and support for NASCAR," Baker said. "They believe that what wins on Sunday sells on Monday."
2011 April 8, Bruce Martin, "Penske talks future in IndyCar, Danica's foray in NASCAR, more," Sports Illustrated (retrieved 15 Oct 2018):
"Chevrolet wants to have an engine running after midyear so by July we want to be running it on the track in car tests," Penske said. "They say what wins on Sunday sells on Monday."
2012 May 22, Micheline Maynard, "'Mad Men' And The Glory Of Mid-1960s Cars," Forbes (retrieved 15 Oct 2018):
Auto racing was a glamorous extension of Detroit's iconic position in American life, where "win on Sunday, sell on Monday" was gospel truth.
(chiefly US, marketing, by extension) Any equipment available to consumers that performs well in widely-viewed public events on weekends can be expected to receive higher retail sales subsequently.
2006 April 13, Ed Sherman, "Dual-driver bag is not for duffers," Chicago Tribune (retrieved 15 Oct 2018):
There's an old saying in the golf industry: What wins on Sunday sells on Monday. Golfers are the ultimate copycats.
<ENDS HERE>what you gain on the swings you lose on the roundabouts
Alternative form of what you lose on the swings you gain on the roundabouts
Anagrams[edit]
what you lose on the swings you gain on the roundabouts
<ENDS HERE>what you lose on the swings you gain on the roundabouts
There are both gains and losses in life; you win some, you lose some.
Related terms[edit]
swings and roundabouts
<ENDS HERE>what you see is what you get
The image corresponds to the reality.
1970, Tim Rice, Jesus Christ Superstar
What you see is what you get. No one's been disappointed yet.
1992,  Rudolf M[athias] Schuster,  The Hepaticae and Anthocerotae of North America: East of the Hundredth Meridian, volume V, New York, N.Y.: Columbia University Press, →ISBN, page vii:With fresh material, taxonomic conclusions are leavened by recognition that the material examined reflects the site it occupied; a herbarium packet gives one only a small fraction of the data desirable for sound conclusions. Herbarium material does not, indeed, allow one to extrapolate safely: what you see is what you get […]
(idiomatic, computing) The screen image resembles the printed output.
1983,  Byte‎, volume 8, page 86:For:Word, like Wang's editing system, is an early approach to a what-you-see-is-what-you-get word processor.
Usage notes[edit]
computing sense often used attributively.
Synonyms[edit]
WYSIWYG
<ENDS HERE>what's done cannot be undone
Synonym of what's done is done
<ENDS HERE>English Wikipedia has an article on:what's done is doneWikipedia
what's done is done
Events that have already taken place cannot be changed and actions that have already been committed cannot be undone, so it is best not to dwell on them.
<ENDS HERE>what's good for the goose is good for the gander
What is good for a woman is equally good for a man; or, what a woman can have or do, so can a man have or do.
What is good for one type is equally good for another type, despite any irrelevant differences between the types.
<ENDS HERE>what's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander
If something is acceptable for one person, it is acceptable for another (often of the opposite sex).
[1674,  Richard Head,  The English Rogue, Part 3, page 4:[…] sawce which is good for the Goose, I hope will be good for the Gander […]]
[1678,  John Ray,  Collection of English Proverbs, 2nd edition, Cambridge, page 48:That that's good sauce for a goose, is good for a gander.]
1682,  Thomas Otway,  Venice Preserv’d, or, A Plot Discover’d. A Tragedy. […], London: Printed for Jos[eph] Hindmarsh […], OCLC 664400715, Act V, scene i, page 53:[I]t is, as I may so say, a sawcy Plot: and we all know, most Reverend Fathers, that what is sawce for a Goose is sawce for a Gander: Therefore, I say, as those bloud-thirsty Ganders of the conspiracy would have destroyed us Geese of the Senate, let us make haste to destroy them, so I humbly move for hanging— [...]
1945,  Herbert Walter Fairman,  “An Introduction to the Study of Ptolemaic Signs and Their Values”, in  Le Bulletin de l’Institut Français d’Archéologie Orientale, volume 43, page 80:What is sauce for the gander is sauce for the goose and the arguments that he produces against my suggestion apply with double force to his.
Derived terms[edit]
what's good for the goose is good for the gander
Descendants[edit]
French: sauce bonne pour l'oie est bonne pour le jars.mw-parser-output .desc-arr[title]{cursor:help}.mw-parser-output .desc-arr[title="uncertain"]{font-size:.7em;vertical-align:super}[5]
Derived terms[edit]
aynı tas aynı hamam
<ENDS HERE>when all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail
Synonym of if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail
<ENDS HERE>when in Rome
Adjust to local customs.
Usage notes[edit]
This shortened form is more common than the full form of the proverb.
<ENDS HERE>when in Rome, do as the Romans
(uncommon) Alternative form of when in Rome, do as the Romans do
<ENDS HERE>when in Rome, do as the Romans do
(strictly) When in a foreign place, suit behavior or appearance to the local culture.
(loosely) Adapt to the circumstances; follow common custom.
Quotations[edit]
For quotations of use of this term, see Citations:when in Rome, do as the Romans do.
Synonyms[edit]
when in Rome (ellipsis, more common)
<ENDS HERE>when in Rome, do like the Romans do
(uncommon) Alternative form of when in Rome, do as the Romans do
<ENDS HERE>when it rains, it pours
Unfortunate events occur in streaks or clusters, often in short periods of time.
Synonyms[edit]
it never rains but it pours
misfortunes never come singly
<ENDS HERE>when life gives you lemons, make lemonade
You should always make the best out of difficult situations.
See also[edit]
make a virtue of necessity
make the best of a bad bargain
<ENDS HERE>when one door closes, another door opens
Alternative form of when one door closes, another opens
<ENDS HERE>when one door closes, another one opens
Alternative form of when one door closes, another opens
<ENDS HERE>when one door closes, another opens
When one opportunity is lost, another opportunity soon becomes available.
1902, W. W. Jacobs, At Sunwich Portt, ch. 4:
An excellent reason for absenting himself from school was thus denied to Master Hardy; but it has been well said that when one door closes another opens, and to his great satisfaction the old servant, who had been in poor health for some time, suddenly took to her bed and required his undivided attention.
1985 October 4, Alan Truscott, "Bridge: New York Area Team Finds A Silver Lining in Its Cloud," New York Times (retrieved 6 May 2013):
When one door closes, another opens: those eliminated in the early rounds of the Spingold Knockout in Las Vegas, Nev., in August were able to shoot for the national men's and women's Swiss team events.
2005 January 14, Dan Toth, "'I've had a great run': Rooke 'very emotional' after firing," Calgary Sun (Canada) (retrieved 6 May 2013):
"When one door closes, another opens," the former Stamps president mused yesterday after being fired by the team's new ownership group.
See also[edit]
hope springs eternal
tomorrow is another day
there are plenty more fish in the sea
<ENDS HERE>when one door shuts, another door opens
Alternative form of when one door closes, another opens
<ENDS HERE>when one door shuts, another one opens
Alternative form of when one door closes, another opens
<ENDS HERE>when one door shuts, another opens
Alternative form of when one door closes, another opens
<ENDS HERE>when the cat's away
Ellipsis of when the cat's away, the mice will play
<ENDS HERE>when the cat’s away the mice will play
In the absence of a controlling entity, subordinates will take advantage of circumstances.
Antonyms[edit]
absence makes the heart grow fonder
<ENDS HERE>when the going gets tough, the tough get going
In difficult times, it is the strong-willed who take action.
<ENDS HERE>when you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging
Synonym of if you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging
<ENDS HERE>when you hear hoofbeats, think of horses, not zebras
(medicine, informal) When diagnosing a patient's symptoms, common ailments should be considered as more probable than rare ones.
Related terms[edit]
zebra
<ENDS HERE>when you mess with the bull, you get the horns
(informal) If you provoke somebody, you can expect an aggressive reaction.
Synonyms[edit]
if you mess with the bull, you get the horns
mess with the bull, get the horns
See also[edit]
poke the bear
<ENDS HERE>when you're up to your neck in alligators, it's hard to remember that your initial objective was to drain the swamp
It is easy to lose sight of one's initial objective, becoming caught up in subtasks or in tasks only tangentially related to the original goal.
For quotations of use of this term, see Citations:when you're up to your neck in alligators, it's hard to remember that your initial objective was to drain the swamp.
Usage notes[edit]
Numerous variants exist, using other body parts ("eyes", "ears", "ass"/"arse", "ankles", "armpits", etc) in place of "neck" and replacing "initial objective" with just "objective" or with "mission", "goal" etc.
See also[edit]
yak shaving
bikeshedding
<ENDS HERE>where there is a will
Ellipsis of where there is a will there is a way
[2007,  Christopher J. Gallagher; S. Barry Issenberg,  “Attendance and Scheduling Issues”, in  Simulation in Anesthesia, Philadelphia, Pa.: Saunders Elsevier, →ISBN, page 64:Scheduling is the killer of Simulators. But where there's a will … you know the rest. Kill the Scheduling Monster before it kills you.]
See also[edit]
Appendix:English examples of anapodoton
<ENDS HERE>where there is a will there is a way
If someone wants or wills something strongly enough, a way can be found to make it happen.
1724,  Pharmacopolæ Justificati: Or, Apothecaries Vindicated from the Imputation of Ignorance. Wherein is Shown, that an Academical Education is No Way Necessary to Qualify a Man for the Practice of Physick, London: Printed for J. Roberts, […], OCLC 990820804, page 6:[I]f he leaves the School poſſeſs'd of a ſluggiſh indolent Diſpoſition, and of Learning rather forc'd upon him than choſen, it is probable he will forget what he brought thence; but if he be active, emulous and aſpiring, he will certainly find Time for Reading and Thinking; for tho' it be a homely, it is a true Saying, that where there is a Will, there is a Way.
1796,  Baron von Voght [i.e., Caspar Voght],  “Account of the Management of the Poor in Hamburgh, between the Years 1788 and 1794. In a Letter to Some Friends of the Poor in Great Britain. […]”, in  The Pamphleteer: Respectfully Dedicated to both Houses of Parliament, volume XI, number XXII, London: Printed by A[braham] J[ohn] Valpy, […]; sold by Rest Fenner, […]; Lloyd; Black, Kingsbury, and Co., […], published 1818, page 444:[H]ow far the particular practices in regard to Works of Industry may be usefully adopted, it is difficult to determine; but "where there is a will, there is a way:" local habits and circumstances must be the guides.
[1810,  Pigault-Lebrun [pseudonym; Charles-Antoine-Guillaume Pigault de l’Espinoy],  “My Grandfather Riboulard, and My Grandmother Rosalia, are Really Married”, in  My Uncle Thomas. A Romance. In Two Volumes. From the French, volume I, New York, N.Y.: Printed [by Isaac Riley] for John Brannan, OCLC 4061630, page 16:Unmindful of her former poverty, she was perpetually teasing Riboulard to take a lodging in Rue St. Honoré, and to allow her to dress in a style more suitable to her station. [...] It is an old saying, that where there is a will, there is always a way. At the end of a few months, Rosalia began to trick out her person, without the corporal's knowledge; [...]]
1840 November,  [Samuel] Laman Blanchard,  “A Quarrel with Some Old Acquaintances”, in Theodore Hook, editor, The New Monthly Magazine and Humorist, volume LX, 3rd part, number CCXXXIX, London: Henry Colburn, […], OCLC 643850556, section 10 (Where There’s a Will There’s a Way), page 408:The powerful and the fortunate are very fond of the maxim, "where there's a will there's a way;" and they rarely use it without expressing in very clear terms a cold, insolent, and uncharitable judgment upon exertions they are themselves not called upon to make, while they modestly declare that such exertions, if by them made, would be triumphant. They say, in sort, to the weak and unprosperous—You might succeed if you would, for effort is success, and we should find a certain and easy conquest where you have met but baffled hopes and continual defeat!
1882 August 24,  John McKenzie,  “Land Boards Bill”, in  New Zealand. Parliamentary Debates. First Session of the Eighth Parliament. […] (House of Representatives), volume XLIII, Wellington: G. Didsbury, government printer, OCLC 84941993, page 550, column 2:Where there is a will there is a way; but where there is no will there is no way, and that is the case with my honorable friend opposite.
1891,  Thomas Hardy,  chapter IV, in  Tess of the d’Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented [...] In Three Volumes, volume I, London: James R[ipley] Osgood, McIlvaine and Co., […], OCLC 13623666, phase the first (The Maiden), pages 40–41:Rolliver's inn, the single alehouse at this end of the long and broken village, could only boast of an off-license; [...] [T]hirsty strangers [...] wished they could have a restful seat inside. Thus the strangers. But there were also local customers who felt the same wish; and where there's a will there's a way. In a large bedroom upstairs, the window of which was thickly curtained with a great woollen shawl lately discarded by the landlady Mrs. Rolliver, were gathered on this evening nearly a dozen persons, all seeking vinous bliss; [...]
1912 February 9,  “a New York detective” [pseudonym],  “The Bradys in Death Swamp: Or, Downing a Desperate Band”, in  Secret Service: Old and Young King Brady, Detectives, number 681, New York, N.Y.: Frank Tousey, OCLC 6397043, chapter IX (The Rescue of Master Monkey), page 20, column 1:I have learned during my long life the great lesson that where there is a will there is a way. Armed bands have failed against these people. I came here hoping to find the way because I already had the will. Perhaps I did find it when fate threw me in with you.
1987 October 28,  James Ezekiel Mbori,  “Private Members’ Motions: Additional Water Pipeline from Mzima to Mombasa”, in  Republic of Kenya: The National Assembly: Official Report […] (National Assembly of Kenya), volume LXXIII, Nairobi: Printed by the government printer, OCLC 976676209, column 628:We have a saying in English: "Where there is a will there is a way". This House has a will, though the hon. Members of Parliament who represent the entire Kenya. [...] There will be funds made available because where there is a will there is a way. Funds will be made available, and this House always makes funds available every year.
[2007,  Christopher J. Gallagher; S. Barry Issenberg,  “Attendance and Scheduling Issues”, in  Simulation in Anesthesia, Philadelphia, Pa.: Saunders Elsevier, →ISBN, page 64:Scheduling is the killer of Simulators. But where there's a will … you know the rest. Kill the Scheduling Monster before it kills you.]
Alternative forms[edit]
where there is a will (ellipsis)
where there's a will there's a way
<ENDS HERE>where there's a will there's a way
Alternative form of where there is a will there is a way
1840 November,  [Samuel] Laman Blanchard,  “A Quarrel with Some Old Acquaintances”, in Theodore Hook, editor, The New Monthly Magazine and Humorist, volume LX, 3rd part, number CCXXXIX, London: Henry Colburn, […], OCLC 643850556, section 10 (Where There’s a Will There’s a Way), page 408:The powerful and the fortunate are very fond of the maxim, "where there's a will there's a way;" and they rarely use it without expressing in very clear terms a cold, insolent, and uncharitable judgment upon exertions they are themselves not called upon to make, while they modestly declare that such exertions, if by them made, would be triumphant. They say, in sort, to the weak and unprosperous—You might succeed if you would, for effort is success, and we should find a certain and easy conquest where you have met but baffled hopes and continual defeat!
1866,  W[illiam] K[ing] Tweedie,  “James Ferguson. 1710–1776.”, in  Youthful Diligence, Future Greatness: A Book for the Young, London; Edinburgh; New York, N.Y.: T[homas] Nelson and Sons, […], OCLC 79769754, page 273–274:The account which he [James Ferguson] himself gives of these observations is exceedingly interesting, and strikingly brings out the ingenuity of his mind, and his determination to allow no difficulties of circumstances to stand in his way. [...] Thus we are reminded of the apothegm that where there's a will there's a way—an apothegm which has found illustration in every department of effort, but nowhere more frequently than in the progress of science and art.
1891,  Thomas Hardy,  chapter IV, in  Tess of the d’Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented [...] In Three Volumes, volume I, London: James R[ipley] Osgood, McIlvaine and Co., […], OCLC 13623666, phase the first (The Maiden), pages 40–41:Rolliver's inn, the single alehouse at this end of the long and broken village, could only boast of an off-license; [...] [T]hirsty strangers [...] wished they could have a restful seat inside. Thus the strangers. But there were also local customers who felt the same wish; and where there's a will there's a way. In a large bedroom upstairs, the window of which was thickly curtained with a great woollen shawl lately discarded by the landlady Mrs. Rolliver, were gathered on this evening nearly a dozen persons, all seeking vinous bliss; [...]
<ENDS HERE>where there's muck there's brass
(Britain, Ireland) There is money to be made in unpleasant dirty jobs.
See also[edit]
pecunia non olet
<ENDS HERE>where there's smoke, there's fire
(Britain, US, Australia, Canada, New Zealand) If there is telltale evidence of some event, the event is probably occurring.
Related terms[edit]
no smoke without fire
<ENDS HERE>wherever you go, there you are
(colloquial, cliché) An admonition that one cannot run from one's problems indefinitely.
<ENDS HERE>who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl
A person tends to take on the characteristics of those with whom he or she associates.
2012,  Yukiko Inoue-Smith,  A Shawl of Mist: Tanka, →ISBN:Do not associate with a person who is malicious, selfish, or unkind As a proverb goes, “Who keeps company with the wolf, will learn to howl” (in other words, “If you touch vermillion, you will become of the same color”).
2015,  Yukiko Inoue-Smith,  A Jungle Named Academia: Approaches to Self-Development and Growth, →ISBN:Do not associate with a person who is malicious, selfish, or unkind As people say, “Who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl."
2015,  A. Joy Lee,  Success inside you:Believe it or not but you one way or another have the same bad aspects in your personality. “Who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl” is said for a reason.
<ENDS HERE>who keeps company with wolves, will learn to howl
Alternative form of who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl
1992,  New Times International - Issues 1-13, page 37:The prosecutors who reviewed the Peabody case in 1988 described his behaviour as “infantilism.” In other words, he who keeps company with wolves will learn to howl.
2005,  John Smithback,  Fun with Proverbs, →ISBN, page 246:After hearing this proverb, Chadwick went out to see if it was true. "I thoroughly tested it," he said, "and though it may apply to people, it doesn't pertain to cats." Who keeps company with wolves learns to howl warns us that if we associate with bad company we, too, will become bad.
2016,  Dawid Piątkowski,  Impossible, →ISBN:A well known proverb says that 'who keeps company with wolves will learn to howl'. The biggest influence on my personality had these people with whom I spent the most of the time.
<ENDS HERE>who pays the piper calls the tune
The person paying for something is the one who gets to say how it should be done
<ENDS HERE>why buy a book when you can join a library?
(humorous) Being available for sexual relationships with various people is preferable to committing oneself to a single partner.
See also[edit]
why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free
<ENDS HERE>why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?
Do not expect somebody to make a costly commitment if it will give them nothing they do not already have; used especially as a warning against having sexual intercourse before marriage.
2005, Steven Gordon, The Future of the Music Business
The whole idea of why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free relates to offering only a very brief sample of your music online. I have intellectual property, and I treat that intellectual property very seriously as an artist.
2007, Elina Furman, Kiss and Run
In the past, women who wanted to move in with a boyfriend would get a strict talking-to about a common male mentality: “Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?”
2008, Inge Auerbacher, Highway To New York: A Lady Truck Driver Adventure (page 38)
I can get plenty of dames, so why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free...ya know what I mean?
See also[edit]
why buy a book when you can join a library
<ENDS HERE>why keep a dog and bark yourself?
(rhetorical question, colloquial) One should not do something that one has hired someone else to do.
<ENDS HERE>win on Sunday, sell on Monday
Alternative form of what wins on Sunday sells on Monday
<ENDS HERE>wins on Sunday, sells on Monday
Alternative form of what wins on Sunday sells on Monday
<ENDS HERE>work smarter, not harder
Problems are solved more effectively by intelligence than by hard graft.
<ENDS HERE>worse things happen at sea
Things are not as bad as they seem.
2015 September 13,  Euan Ferguson,  “The week in TV: Doctor Foster; Beck; Ballers; Hunted; The Queen’s Longest Reign: Elizabeth and Victoria”, in  The Observer‎[1]:Some people console themselves with the thought that, basically, worse things happen at sea: in middle-class Britain today, particularly familied fortysomethings, it’s Chicken-Licken time.
<ENDS HERE>wrap it before you tap it
(slang) wear a condom before sexual intercourse.
See also[edit]
no glove, no love
<ENDS HERE>X are born, not made
(snowclone) It is no use to tell someone to do a profession that someone already shown that he or she cannot do, even with great persuasion or force.
2004,  Theodore R. Sizer,  Horace's Compromise: The Dilemma of the American High School, →ISBN:Teachers are born, not made, the truism goes. Likewise, great writers are born, not made, yet rigorous training at the craft of writing is part of their make-up.
2012,  Michael J. Farlow,  Leaders are Made Not Born: 40 Simple Skills to Make You the Leader, →ISBN:Not so many years ago, a CEO I was working with told me with great certainty that leaders are born, not made—that, in some fashion, they are "hardwired" with the basic skills to lead and lead effectively.
2013,  Terry S Trepper, ‎Charles E Campbell, ‎& Mark O'Dell,  The Practical Practice of Marriage and Family Therapy, →ISBN:Therapists are born, not made. That statement may strike you as surprising, curious, or perhaps even offensive, especially if you have spent several years and no small sum of money to earn the formal training and credentials needed to  become a qualified clinical professional.
2017 August 6,  Marketing Weekly:The second challenge in talking about marketing leadership is the persistent view that marketing leaders are born, not made.
Usage notes[edit]
Often Leaders are born, not made.
Antonyms[edit]
X are made, not born
See also[edit]
nature versus nurture
<ENDS HERE>X are made, not born
(snowclone) Used to refer that talents are nurtured, not innate.
Antonyms[edit]
X are born, not made
<ENDS HERE>X is a good servant but a bad master
(snowclone) If something is used correctly, it will benefit but if it is used incorrectly, it will cause harm.
2005,  James Goodman, Paul James,  Nationalism and Global Soldarities: Alternative Projections to  Neoliberal Globalisation, page 46-47:For the nationalists, generally following Keynes, there is the view that the 'real' economy that's matters, and that is this, finance is a good servant but a bad master.
<ENDS HERE>yesterday is gone
It is impossible to change or to relive what has already happened.
1873, Francis Bourdillon, The Odd Five Minutes; Or, Short Chapters on Serious Subjects, Religious Tract Society, p. 108 (Google books):
Yesterday is gone indeed, and gone never to return.
1945, American Farm Youth, Volumes 11-12, p. 28 (Google snippet view):
Yesterday is gone; yesterday has passed forever beyond our control. Gone with it are its mistakes and cares, its aches and pains, its faults and blunders.
2010 April 25, Mark Vernon, "Ideas for modern living: Carpe diem," Guardian (UK) (retrieved 10 July 2017):
Today is the day when we can enjoy life, for yesterday is gone, and tomorrow never comes.
2017 March 31, John Meyer, "Seeking to bring hope to those with cancer, Littleton man heads to North Pole," Denver Post (retrieved 10 July 2017):
I wake up every morning and tell myself, "There's nothing I can do about yesterday, yesterday is gone."
Synonyms[edit]
don't cry over spilt milk
what's done is done
you can't go home again
See also[edit]
tomorrow is another day
tomorrow never comes
seize the day
<ENDS HERE>yesterday's gone
Alternative form of yesterday is gone
<ENDS HERE>you are never too old to learn
Alternative form of you're never too old to learn
<ENDS HERE>you are what you eat
If you eat well, you will be well; however, if you eat badly, you will feel bad.
<ENDS HERE>you attract more flies with honey than vinegar
Alternative form of you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar
1996, Henry Cloud & John Sims Townsend, The Mom Factor, Zondervan (1996), →ISBN, page 110:
She would call her mother in tears, and Mom would comfort and console her, then suggest that Amy simply try to be nicer to Ted: "You attract more flies with honey than vinegar," she would counsel.
2009, Jessica Linnell, Off to College: Now What? a Practical Guide to Surviving and Succeeding Your First Year of College, Atlantic Publishing Group (2009), →ISBN, page 164:
You may have gotten attention in high school by being the class heckler, but chances are your semi-rude behavior will not be appreciated by your classmates or your professors. Plus, as the old adage goes, you attract more flies with honey than vinegar.
2012, Karen Lacey, The Complete Idiot's Guide to Elance, Alpha Books (2012), →ISBN, page 244:
You attract more flies with honey than vinegar. You resolve more disputes with professionalism and communication than with irritability and vitriol.
<ENDS HERE>you can catch more flies with honey than vinegar
Alternative form of you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar
<ENDS HERE>you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar
It is easier to persuade others with polite requests and a positive attitude rather than with rude demands and negativity.
<ENDS HERE>you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink
You can show someone how to do something, but you can't make them do it.
<ENDS HERE>you can lead horses to water, but you can't make them drink
Alternative form of you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink
<ENDS HERE>you can take the monkey out of the jungle, but you can't take the jungle out of the monkey
(ethnic slur) Black people behave badly regardless of their whereabouts or socialization.
See also[edit]
you can take the person out of the place, but you can't take the place out of the person
<ENDS HERE>you can take the person out of the place, but you can't take the place out of the person
A person may leave the place in which he or she grew up, but will always retain a part of that place.
1914,  Second Junior Annual of The Detroit College of Medicine‎[1], page 126:JOHN JENNINGS WATTS. Dr. Snyder says you can take the boy out of the country, but you cannot take the country out of the boy. Watts has disproved this. Watts came from the wilds of Ontario, but now he introduces the latest fads into the class, and was the first man in school to wear collars with transverse striations.
2018 January 30,  David Gianatasio,  Adweek‎[2]:You Can Take Britain Out of Europe, but You Can’t Take Europe Out of the British, Says Ancestry.com
2019 March 21,  Pooja Salhotra,  The Buzz Magazines‎[3]:Friday Night Lights star Janine Turner once said, "You can take the girl out of Texas, but you can't take the Texas out of the girl." ¶ For at least two Texas gals, that statement rings true. ¶ It was only when I left Texas to attend college at Yale that I realized just how Texan I am.
See also[edit]
you can take the monkey out of the jungle, but you can't take the jungle out of the monkey
<ENDS HERE>you cannot break a stick in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>you cannot break a twig in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>you cannot break sticks in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>you cannot please everyone
It is not possible to act in a manner that will please everyone
<ENDS HERE>you cannot put the same shoe on every foot
What works in one situation does not necessarily work in all situations.
1921,  John Harold Sears,  Trust Estates as Business Companies, →ISBN, page 416:Application of the adage that "you cannot put the same shoe on every foot" produces no hardship whatsoever, since the terms of the trust may be made exactly to fit the business to be undertaken.
2012,  Jayson Williams,  Humbled Letters from Prison, →ISBN, page 230:What I tell these misinformed inmates is that you cannot put the same shoe on every foot.
2014,  James Gunn,  Some Dreams Are Nightmares, →ISBN:Publilius Syrus said it a long time ago: You can't put the same shoe on every foot.
<ENDS HERE>you can't be half pregnant
(idiomatic) Said of an either-or situation; there are only two available choices.
2011,  John Warrillow,  Built to Sell: Creating a Business That Can Thrive Without You, Penguin, →ISBN, page 47:
Alex, you can't be half pregnant. If you keep doing other work that falls outside of your logo design process, you'll send mixed messages to all of your stakeholders.
<ENDS HERE>you can't break a stick in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>you can't break a twig in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>you can't break sticks in a bundle
Alternative form of sticks in a bundle are unbreakable
<ENDS HERE>you can't catch old birds with chaff
The wisest and the most experienced cannot be easily deceived.
<ENDS HERE>you can't fight City Hall
(chiefly US) Nothing can be done to change the situation, because it is a governmental decision.
I see they're going to build the airport after all. I suppose you can't fight City Hall.
1998,  Sarah Schulman,  Stagestruck: Theater, AIDS, and the Marketing of Gay America, Duke University Press, page 45:As Audre Lorde, my professor at Hunter College, told our class in 1982, "That you can't fight City Hall is a rumor being spread by City Hall."
<ENDS HERE>you can't get a quart into a pint pot
You cannot get too much of something to fit into something small.
They've asked me to get to New York by five o'clock, but you can't get a quart into a pint pot!
<ENDS HERE>you can't get something for nothing
Alternative form of you don't get something for nothing
<ENDS HERE>you can't go home again
Past times which are fondly remembered are irrecoverably in the past and cannot be relived.
1982 April 18, Anna Kisselgoff, "Dance: Judson Theater Remembered," New York Times (retrieved 5 Nov 2018):
The organizers of a surprisingly refreshing program called "Judson Dance Theater Reconstruction" know that you can't go home again. Instead, they have tried to re-create that home if ever so briefly—even if it was a home these same young organizers never knew.
2001 June 24, George J. Church, "Jobs in an Age of Insecurity," Time (retrieved 5 Nov 2018):
As novelist Thomas Wolfe (1930s, not 1960s, version) declared in one of his book titles, You Can't Go Home Again—because home isn't there anymore.
2009 August 12, Michael Henderson, "The Ashes: Marcus Trescothick's health is more important than England winning," Telegraph (UK) (retrieved 5 Nov 2018):
The Americans have a phrase for it: you can't go home again. Once you leave, that is it.  […]  [H]is time has come and gone, as he confessed when he retired from Test cricket three years ago. And gone means gone.
See also[edit]
genie is out of the bottle
there's no point crying over spilt milk
what's done is done
yesterday is gone
<ENDS HERE>you can't judge a book by its cover
(idiomatic, figuratively) It is not possible to make reliable judgments about things or people by considering external appearances alone.
Synonyms[edit]
clothes don't make the man
Antonyms[edit]
fine feathers make fine birds
<ENDS HERE>you can't keep a good man down
A person who has talent, resolve, or moral strength will eventually succeed despite having been overlooked, injured, or defeated.
1915, P. G. Wodehouse, "Concealed Art":
"Isn't it perfectly splendid, Mr. Pepper, to think that Archie's genius has at last been recognized? How quiet he kept it. I had no idea that Mr. Brackett was even interested in his work. I wonder how he heard of it?"
"Oh, these things get about," I said. "You can't keep a good man down."
1984 March 26, Richard Corliss, "Cinema: The Master Who Knew Too Much," Time (retrieved 18 Jan 2018):
You can't keep a good man down. Like the corpse in The Trouble with Harry who just won't stay buried, Alfred Hitchcock keeps popping out of his grave to terrify and delight new audiences.
2000 April 3, Chris Hewett, "Rugby: Running talent will put life into Lions," Independent (UK) (retrieved 18 Jan 2018):
He cut a sorry figure after the thumping by England, but you can't keep a good man down. That familiar mix of manic energy and piratical lunacy enabled the totemic Irishman to reassert his status as a world-class performer.
2013 January 22, Jack Goodstein, "Music Review: Boyd Lee Dunlop—The Lake Reflections," Seattle Post-Intelligencer (retrieved 18 Jan 2018):
Dunlop suffered a coronary arrest—his heart stopped for almost six minutes. But even at 85, you can't keep a good man down, and he was able to recover.
<ENDS HERE>you can't live with 'em, you can't live without 'em
Alternative form of can't live with them, can't live without them
<ENDS HERE>you can't live with them, you can't live without them
Alternative form of can't live with them, can't live without them
<ENDS HERE>you can't make a silk purse of a sow's ear
It is not possible to produce something refined, admirable, or valuable from something which is unrefined, unpleasant, or of little or no value.
Synonyms[edit]
you can't polish a turd
<ENDS HERE>you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs
In order to achieve something, it is inevitable and necessary that some mistakes are made or some sacrifices must occur.
1796, Walker's Hibernian Magazine:[1]
It was remarked to him that he had caused the death of a great many persons. Yes, he replied, omlets are not made without breaking eggs.
<ENDS HERE>you can't polish a turd
(vulgar, idiomatic) Something inherently bad cannot be improved.
<ENDS HERE>t put a wise head on young shoulders - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XetzKwpAAEYAAI@RsnYAAABR","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"you_can't_put_a_wise_head_on_young_shoulders","wgTitle":"you can't put a wise head on young shoulders","wgCurRevisionId":54974334,"wgRevisionId":54974334,"wgArticleId":3793820,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":
"you_can't_put_a_wise_head_on_young_shoulders","wgRelevantArticleId":3793820,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready",
"ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
you can't put a wise head on young shoulders
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
English[edit]
Noun[edit]
you can't put a wise head on young shoulders
Alternative form of you can't put an old head on young shoulders
<ENDS HERE>t put an old head on young shoulders - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"Xeq9vwpAICEAAFu5XQkAAACV","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"you_can't_put_an_old_head_on_young_shoulders","wgTitle":"you can't put an old head on young shoulders","wgCurRevisionId":53246233,"wgRevisionId":53246233,"wgArticleId":3793817,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":
"you_can't_put_an_old_head_on_young_shoulders","wgRelevantArticleId":3793817,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","mediawiki.toc.styles":"ready",
"ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.toc","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
you can't put an old head on young shoulders
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Contents
1 English
1.1 Alternative forms
1.2 Noun
1.2.1 See also
English[edit]
Alternative forms[edit]
you can't put a wise head on young shoulders
Noun[edit]
you can't put an old head on young shoulders
Young people inevitably lack the experience and wisdom which come with age.
1890, Horatio Alger, Driven From Home, ch. 30:
"The boy seems to me a very good boy, but you can't put an old head on young shoulders."
1901, Pauline E. Hopkins, Hagar's Daughter, ch. 25 (Google preview) (in The Magazine Novels of Pauline Hopkins, Oxford, 1990, →ISBN:
"Young men will be young men; you can't put an old head on young shoulders," he added, repeating trite sayings as if they were original with himself.
1970 April 1, Punch Imlach, "In crystal ball, Bruins get nod for first place," Windsor Star (Canada), p. 33 (retrieved 11 Dec 2012):
The one knock against Bobby is that he is not great defensively. I think that's a valid criticism, but not altogether fair. You can't put an old head on young shoulders.
2010 Dec. 14, Dean Ritchie, "Gutted Eels are left reeling," Herald Sun (Australia) (retrieved 11 Dec 2012):
"All of a sudden they are now short of experience in the centres and wing. As the old saying goes, you can't put an old head on young shoulders."
2011, Frank O'Connor, "Introduction to A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" in The Best of Frank O'Connor, →ISBN, p. 183 (Google preview):
In those days I looked down on Stephens and repeated Russell's verdict with derision; which shows not only that you can't put an old head on young shoulders but that you shouldn't try.
See also[edit]
there's life in the old dog yet
there's no fool like an old fool
<ENDS HERE>you can't run with the hare and hunt with the hounds
You can't have it both ways.
Related terms[edit]
have one's cake and eat it too
See also[edit]
hold with the hare and run with the hounds
<ENDS HERE>you can't step in the same river twice
(idiomatic) It is not possible to repeat past experiences, as time changes all things.
<ENDS HERE>you can't take it with you
It is not possible to take one's material wealth or possessions to whatever world may await one after death.
1900, E. Phillips Oppenheim, A Millionaire of Yesterday, ch. 6:
"The clause which—at my death—makes you sole owner of the whole concession. You see—the odds were scarcely even, were they? It wasn't likely anything would happen to you!" . . .
"What's it matter to you now?" Trent said, with unintentional brutality. "You can't take it with you."
1980 Jan. 14, "Business: The Great Sell-Off," Time:
Dealers also quietly bought gold fillings from morticians, proving that you can't take it with you.
2007 Aug. 3, Conrad de Aenlle, "All the right (and wrong) moves," New York Times (retrieved 11 July 2011):
You can't take it with you, of course, but your intended heirs may not be able to take it with them, either, if you do not explicitly state through a will who is supposed to get what.
<ENDS HERE>you can't teach an old dog new tricks
It is impossible to change people's habits, traits or mindset.
Antonyms[edit]
it's never too late to mend
you're never too old to learn
<ENDS HERE>you can't tell a book by its cover
Alternative form of you can't judge a book by its cover
<ENDS HERE>you can't unring a bell
Some things can't be undone.
<ENDS HERE>you catch more flies with honey than vinegar
Alternative form of you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar
<ENDS HERE>you catch more flies with honey than with vinegar
Alternative form of you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar
<ENDS HERE>you don't dip your pen in company ink
One should avoid romantic relationships in the workplace.
1998, Roxanne Roberts, "Men's Bad Rep: Just a Bad Rap?," Washington Post, 28 Sep., p. A1 (retrieved 13 Dec. 2008):
"In my job, young hot things have been coming up to me for years," says Fletcher, the retired pilot. "You don't dip your pen in company ink."
2006, W. Blake Gray, "Ravens to Riches," San Francisco Chronicle, 27 Jul. (retrieved 13 Dec. 2008):
It wasn't money that attracted his current wife, Madeleine Deininger, who started working for Ravenswood in 1985. . . . "We had the policy that you don't dip your pen in company ink. We stayed good friends for a long time," Peterson says
Synonyms[edit]
don't shit where you eat
you don't fish off the company pier
you don't get your nookie where you get your cookies
don't get your honey where you make your money
don't get your meat where you get your bread
<ENDS HERE>you don't dip your pen in the company's ink
Alternative form of you don't dip your pen in company ink
<ENDS HERE>you don't dip your pen in the inkwell
Alternative form of you don't dip your pen in company ink
<ENDS HERE>you don't get something for nothing
One cannot expect to receive some benefit if one does not pay for it in some way or does not face a counterbalancing hazard or harm.
1901, Frank Norris, The Octopus, ch. 5:
There's half the fight won, first off."
"Osterman bribed him, I suppose," observed Magnus.
Annixter raised a shoulder vexatiously.
"You've got to pay for what you get," he returned. "You don't get something for nothing, I guess."
1987 November 15, Steve Lohr, "Eurotunnel's Day of Reckoning," New York Times (retrieved 20 Sep 2018):
"You don't get something for nothing," said Richard Hannah, an analyst for Phillips & Drew, a London brokerage house. "For the 40 percent return, you take one bloody huge risk."
1998 September 3, Chris Taylor, "The Blue Pill Blues," Time (retrieved 20 Sep 2018):
As the saying goes, you don't get something for nothing—especially not where sex is concerned. Just as the terrors of HIV followed the joys of the sexual revolution, so it seems that Pfizer's anti-impotence wonder drug, Viagra, carries with it more health risks than anyone suspected.
2007 August 20 , Stuart Jeffries, "To have and to hold," Guardian (UK) (retrieved 20 Sep 2018):
Melanie Phillips, who defends the institution of marriage and is not keen to extend property rights to cohabiting couples, says: "The law is based on justice; justice requires that you don't get something for nothing. You don't claim rights if you don't enter into obligations."
See also[edit]
no pain, no gain
the cat would eat fish but would not wet her feet
there's no such thing as a free lunch
you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs
<ENDS HERE>you don't look at the mantelpiece when you poke the fire
Alternative form of you don't look at the mantelpiece when you're poking the fire
<ENDS HERE>you don't look at the mantelpiece when you're poking the fire
(humorous) A woman's facial attractiveness is irrelevant when considering her as a sexual partner.
<ENDS HERE>you don't miss the water till the well runs dry
Alternative form of you never miss the water till the well runs dry
<ENDS HERE>you don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows
You don't need an expert to tell you what you already know.
Related terms[edit]
which way the wind is blowing
<ENDS HERE>you get more with a kind word and a gun than you do with a kind word alone
It is advantageous not to rely solely on being nice to others.
<ENDS HERE>you get what you pay for
In commercial transactions, the quality of goods and services increases as the prices increase, i.e., the more one pays, the better the merchandise.
1991 October 28, Janice Castro and Richard Woodbury, "The Man Who Fired a Dog To Save a Buck," Time (retrieved 4 Nov 2018):
You get what you pay for. If you want a lower price, you can go to Motel 6..
Usage notes[edit]
Used both to denigrate inexpensive goods as naturally inferior and to praise expensive goods as being of high quality.
Derived terms[edit]
YGWYPF
<ENDS HERE>you make the bed you lie in
A person's circumstances are normally the result of his or her own actions.
Related terms[edit]
make one's bed and lie in it
<ENDS HERE>you never know what you've got till it's gone
People tend to take things for granted while they are available.
Synonym: you never miss the water till the well runs dry
<ENDS HERE>you never miss the water till the well runs dry
People tend to take things for granted that are easily available.
<ENDS HERE>you never miss the water until the well runs dry
Alternative form of you never miss the water till the well runs dry
<ENDS HERE>you only get what you give
There is a positive correlation between the effort one puts in and the benefits one receives.
See also[edit]
karma
you get what you pay for
<ENDS HERE>your money and you takes your chances - Wiktionary
document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":!1,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgMonthNamesShort":["","Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"],"wgRequestId":"XetzOQpAICsAABVejF0AAABR","wgCSPNonce":!1,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":!1,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"you_pays_your_money_and_you_takes_your_chances","wgTitle":"you pays your money and you takes your chances","wgCurRevisionId":47349058,"wgRevisionId":47349058,"wgArticleId":6361578,"wgIsArticle":!0,"wgIsRedirect":!1,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["English lemmas","English proverbs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":
"you_pays_your_money_and_you_takes_your_chances","wgRelevantArticleId":6361578,"wgIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":!0,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgMediaViewerOnClick":!0,"wgMediaViewerEnabledByDefault":!0,"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgMFDisplayWikibaseDescriptions":{"search":!0,"nearby":!0,"watchlist":!0,"tagline":!1},"wgWMESchemaEditAttemptStepOversample":!1,"wgULSCurrentAutonym":"English","wgNoticeProject":"wiktionary","wgCentralAuthMobileDomain":!1,"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":!0};RLSTATE={"ext.gadget.column-hacks":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user.styles":"ready","site.styles":"ready","noscript":"ready","user.styles":"ready","ext.globalCssJs.user":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"ready","user.tokens":"loading","mediawiki.legacy.shared":"ready","mediawiki.legacy.commonPrint":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready",
"ext.uls.interlanguage":"ready","ext.wikimediaBadges":"ready","mediawiki.skinning.interface":"ready","skins.vector.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["site","mediawiki.page.startup","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.searchSuggest","ext.gadget.LegacyScripts","ext.gadget.JavascriptHeadings","ext.gadget.TargetedTranslations","ext.gadget.DocTabs","ext.gadget.BlockInfo","ext.gadget.RevdelInfo","ext.gadget.CodeLinks","ext.gadget.TranslationAdder","ext.gadget.RhymesAdder","ext.gadget.SpecialSearch","ext.gadget.zhDialMap","ext.gadget.catfix","ext.gadget.Edittools","ext.gadget.defaultVisibilityToggles","ext.centralauth.centralautologin","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.eventLogging","ext.wikimediaEvents","ext.navigationTiming","ext.uls.compactlinks","ext.uls.interface","ext.centralNotice.geoIP","ext.centralNotice.startUp","skins.vector.js"];
(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.tokens@tffin",function($,jQuery,require,module){/*@nomin*/mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});
});});
you pays your money and you takes your chances
Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
English[edit]
Etymology[edit]
Probably from you pays your money and you takes your choice
Noun[edit]
you pays your money and you takes your chances
There's no guarantee you'll get the result you want
<ENDS HERE>you pays your money and you takes your choice
Each person can make his or her own decisions.
You can get there by bus, or train, or taxi. Whatever. You pays your money and you takes your choice.
1846,  “THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS.[cartoon]”, in  Punch‎[1], page 17:Showman. On your right you will perceive a Prime Minister a Bolishing of hisself. And over your left is another Prime Minister a Bolishing of the Corn-Laws. / Master John Bull. But which is the Prime Minister? / Showman. Which ever you please, my little dear. You pays your money, and you takes your choice.
Usage notes[edit]
This phrase is almost always expressed in the nonstandard form: you pays and you takes.
See also[edit]
to each his own
you get what you pay for
<ENDS HERE>you scratch my back and I'll scratch yours
If you do me a favor then I will do you a favor; quid pro quo.
1974,  John Lennon (lyrics),  “Nobody Loves You (When You're Down And Out)”, in  Walls and Bridges, performed by John Lennon:Everybody's hustling for a buck and a dime / I'll scratch your back and you scratch mine
<ENDS HERE>you snooze you lose
If you are not alert and attentive, you will not be successful.
<ENDS HERE>you win some, you lose some
Everybody experiences some successes and some failures.
<ENDS HERE>you're never too old to learn
It is possible to learn new things, at any age; (implied) follow your desires and dreams
Antonyms[edit]
you can't teach an old dog new tricks
<ENDS HERE>you've got to be in it to win it
In order to win, or succeed at something, one must first compete or try.
Synonym: you have to be in it to win it
<ENDS HERE>you've got to crack a few eggs to make an omelette
In order to achieve something, some sacrifices or mistakes are inevitable.
<ENDS HERE>zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse
Enthusiasm of an inexperienced person will cause harm.
2005,  New Statesman, page 20:As my old granny would have commented: "Zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse." The mosque was all frenzy, made so by factions inspired by Middle Easterners who discovered fertile ground in Brixton.
2014,  August Franza,  AMERICA ARRIBA!: Don Quijote and Sancho Panza in the 21st Century, →ISBN:"And what are you, if I may ask?" Sol said, tapping his partner's knee. Alfred answered deliberately. He pointed to his eyes. "A realist. A pragmatist, after long and hard experience. Dreams are for fools and idiots, and zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse."
2014,  David Wesley,  A Common Mission, →ISBN:Proverbs 19:2 states that it is not good to have zeal without knowledge. A similar British proverb is “zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse." Zeal defines the earnestness and good intentions that remain essential to the church. However, the congregation's enthusiasm, coupled with inexperience in cross-cultural ministry, can result in an inability to listen and receive help from their host.
2016,  Johnstone Kayandabila,  Leadership's Big Idea: High-Potential Leaders in the Making, →ISBN:They do not understand that “zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse” and that's why they are unproductive.
See also[edit]
set a beggar on horseback and he'll ride to the Devil
<ENDS HERE>